3. " An Account of a remarkably large and luminous Spot in the Sea." By Captain F. Eardley Wilmot, F.R.S. With remarks on the water taken thence: in a letter to S. H. Christie, Sec. R.S., from Lieut. Manley Dixon, R.A. The letter is as follows:DEAR SIR, Woolwich, October 6th, 1843. Captain F. Eardley Wilmot, on his voyage home from the Cape of Good Hope in the spring of this year, observed one night a remarkable, though not very uncommon appearance of the sea. This was a large and very luminous spot, which was clearly defined by a sharp edge. He thus describes the appearance, and also the steps
which he took to obtain some of the water for the purpose of bringing it home to England and submitting it to a chemical test. " The sea was covered with so brilliant a surface of silver light that we could see to read, and the shadows of ropes, &c. were strongly marked. We sailed through it for about four hours. In one place it had an edge; and we sailed out of it for nearly half an hour, when we again entered it as abruptly, and finally left it, when the edge of the illuminated part was strongly defined. The water was taken up in a clean bucket and put into a carefully cleaned bottle; about 10? north latitude." As Captain Wilmrot's time in England was limited, he left the bottle of sea water with me, and I took the first opportunity of showing it to Dr. Faraday, who took it to London with him, and wrote me a note, of which the following is a copy. "Royal Institution, September 25th, 1843. " DEAR SIR,-I have examined the water, and it is peculiar in some points. It contained much sulphuretted hydrogen, and also a portion of solid deposit, which was about one half sulphur and the other half organic matter. There has no doubt been considerable change in the contents of the water, and I cannot now recognise organic forms; but the presence of the animal matter, the sulphur, and the sulphuretted hydrogen, all agree with the idea that the water, when taken up, was rich in animals or animalculme. "I am, Sir, yours very truly, (" Lieut. Dixon, R.N., "1M. FARADAY." &c., &c." I remain, Sir, yours very truly, Professor Christie, W. MANLEY DIXON. Royal Mlilitary Academy, Woolwich.
3 . " An Account of a remarkably large and luminous Spot in the Sea . " By Captain F. Eardley Wilmot , F.R.S. With remarks on the water taken thence : in a letter to S. H. Christie , Sec . R.S. , from Lieut . Manley Dixon , R.A. The letter is as follows : DEAR SIR , Woolwich , October 6th , 1843 . Captain F. Eardley Wilmot , on his voyage home from the Cape of Good Hope in the spring of this year , observed one night a remarkable , though not very uncommon appearance of the sea . This was a large and very luminous spot , which was clearly defined by a sharp edge . He thus describes the appearance , and also the steps 
which he took to obtain some of the water for the purpose of bringing it home to England and submitting it to a chemical test . " The sea was covered with so brilliant a surface of silver light that we could see to read , and the shadows of ropes , & c. were strongly marked . We sailed through it for about four hours . In one place it had an edge ; and we sailed out of it for nearly half an hour , when we again entered it as abruptly , and finally left it , when the edge of the illuminated part was strongly defined . The water was taken up in a clean bucket and put into a carefully cleaned bottle ; about 10 ? north latitude . " As Captain Wilmrot 's time in England was limited , he left the bottle of sea water with me , and I took the first opportunity of showing it to Dr. Faraday , who took it to London with him , and wrote me a note , of which the following is a copy . " Royal Institution , September 25th , 1843 . " DEAR SIR , -I have examined the water , and it is peculiar in some points . It contained much sulphuretted hydrogen , and also a portion of solid deposit , which was about one half sulphur and the other half organic matter . There has no doubt been considerable change in the contents of the water , and I cannot now recognise organic forms ; but the presence of the animal matter , the sulphur , and the sulphuretted hydrogen , all agree with the idea that the water , when taken up , was rich in animals or animalculme . " I am , Sir , yours very truly , ( " Lieut . Dixon , R.N. , " 1M . FARADAY . " & c. , & c. " I remain , Sir , yours very truly , Professor Christie , W. MANLEY DIXON . Royal Mlilitary Academy , Woolwich . 
Hallo das ist eine Testdatei,.
Was geht Brudi
I
Das ist die zweite ihr geilos
I

