" History of the Mace given to the Royal Society by King Charles the Second . " By Charles Richard Weld , Esq . , Barrister at Law , Assistant Secretary and Librarian to the Royal Society . Communicated by the Marquis of Northampton , President of the Royal Society . The Second Charter of the Royal Society passed the Great Seal on the 22nd of April 1663 , and in August following , Charles the Second presented the Society with the Mace at present in their possession . It is probable that His Majesty resolved some time before to honour the Society with this mark of his esteem , for , in the above Charter , permission is given to have two Sergeants-at-Mace to attend upon the President ( duos servientes ad clavas , qui de tempore in tempus super Praesidem attendant ) . The Council-Book of the Society records , that " on the 3rd of August 1663 , the President ( Lord Brouncker ) informed the Society , that Sir Gilbert Talbot , Master of the Jewell House , had sent to him , without taking any fees , the Mace bestowed by His Majesty upon the Society ; " and that he , the said President , had " in the Book of His Majesty 's Jewell House , acknowledged the receipt thereof for the Society* . " This Mace , which fills so important an office in the Royal Society , as without it no Meeting can be held , is made of silver , richly gilt , and weighs 190 oz . avoirdupois . It consists of a Stem , handsomely chased , with a running pattern of the Thistle , terminated at the upper end by an urn-shaped head , surmounted by a Crown , Ball , and . Cross . Upon the head are embossed figures of a Rose , Harp , Thistle , and Fleur-de-Lys , emblematic of England , Ireland , Scotland , and France , on each side of which are the letters C. R. Under the Crown , and at the top of the head , the Royal Arms ap* Vol. 1 . p. 23 , pear very richly chased ; and at the other extremity of the Stem are two Shields , the one bearing the Arms of the Society , the other the following Inscription*:Ex Munificentia Augustissimi Monarchae Caroli II . Dei Gra . Mag . Brit . Franc . et Hib . Regis & c. Societatis Regalis ad Scientiam Naturalem promouenda institutae Fundatoris et Patroni An . Dni 1663 . To this Mace attaches a celebrity , which has long caused it to be regarded with extraordinary interest . It is almost superfluous to state , that this arises from the belief of its being the identical Mace turned out of the House of Commons by Oliver Cromwell when he dissolved the Long Parliament . So general has been this credence , that numberless visitors have come purposely to the Apartments of the Society to see the Mace , having read , or been assured , that it is the famous " Bauble ; " and after minutely examining it , have departed , firmly persuaded that they have seen the Mace so rudely dealt with by the Protector . Nor has its fame been confined to oral tradition . Books , professing to be authentic histories , have chronicled , that the Bauble Mace is in the possession of the Royal Society ; and I may mention that a few months ago , the proprietors of the Abbotsford Edition of the Waverley Novels applied for permission to make a drawing of the Mace to illustrate " Woodstock , " an engraving of which appears in the above work , accompanied by a statement , " that it is a representation of the 'Bauble Mace ' formerly belonging to the Long Parliament , and now in the possession of the Royal Society . " I am entirely at a loss to conceive how this belief originated , and . the more so , as there is not the slightest historical evidence in its favour ; but , on the contrary , many facts which prove most indisputably , that the Mace in question has no pretension whatever to the designation of the " Bauble " of the Long Parliament . I confess , that when the oft-repeated story , or legend as we may now call it , was imparted to me , I conceived a strong desire to learn on what historical grounds the matter rested . As an officer of the Royal Society , I felt it to be almost my duty when visitors came to . see the " Bauble " to be able to authenticate its history , though it may be observed , that I have never heard any doubts whatever cast upon its supposed authenticity ; so true is it , that we willingly cling to whatever is interesting and marvellous. . It however frequently occurred to me , that the Mace now before the Society could not be the Mace used in the House of Commons during the reign of Charles the First , and subsequently turned out by the Commonwealth Parliament ; for when I thought of the democratic whirlwind that uprooted and swept away every vestige of royalty , it appeared to me , that nothing short of a miracle could account for the preservation of so conspicuous and decisive an emblem of sovereignty as the Mace presented to the Royal Society by Charles the Second . Researches connected with a history of the Society , upon which I am engaged , led me , in the first place , to investigate the history of the famous " Bauble ; " and secondly , that of the Mace of the Royal Society , in order to ascertain whether the latter and former are identical . The result of these researches , which were far more laborious than I anticipated , I now lay before the Society ; and though they will have the effect of destroying a pleasing and long-cherished illusion , I am sure the Royal Society will not be displeased by having the real truth set before them . On the 30th of January 1 649 , Charles the First was beheaded ; and on the 1st of February following , the Journal-Books of the House of Commons inform us* , that " a Committee appointed for securing the Crown Jewells , and other things , late the King 's , reported that they have disposed them in a room under several doors now locked up . " It is probable that the Royal Mace was among the articles of plate thus disposed of , as on the 17th of March , the Journal-Books of the House state , that " It be referred to the Committee for alteration of Seals to consider of a new form of Mace , and the special care thereof is committed to Mr. Love . " On the 13th of April 1649 , it is recorded , that " Mr. Love reported several forms of a new Mace , " upon which it was " Resolved , that this shall be the form of the new Mace ? . " *** * Instead of a design appear a number of asterisks as above , but fortunately the Parliamentary History and Whitelock 's Memorials enable us to fill the blank in the most satisfactory manner . The Journal-Books of the House of Commons state , that on the 6th of June , " It was ordered that the new Mace , made by Thomas Maundy of London , Goldsmith , be delivered unto the charge of the Sergeant-at-Arms attending the Parliament ; and that the said Mace be carried before the Speaker ; and that all the Maces to be used in this Commonwealth be made according to the same form and pattern ; and that the said Thomas Maundy have the making thereof , and none other* . " Now , according to the Parliamentary History , on the 6th of June ( the same day , it will be observed , that the Journal-Books of the House of Commons state the new Mace was ordered to be delivered to the Sergeant.-at-Arms ) ( a new Mace was brought into the House , ornamented with flowers , instead of the Cross and Ball on the top , with the Arms of England and Ireland , instead of the late King 's t. " Whitelock also states in his Memorials , that " on the 6th of June 1649 , a new Mace with the Arms of England and Ireland instead of the King 's Arms was approv 'd and deliver 'd to Sergeant Birkhead , to be used for the House ; and all other Maces for the Commonwealth to be of that form+ . " It is thus evident that a new Mace was provided for the Commonwealth Parliament , differing essentially in form from that used in the time of Charles the First . The Journals of the Commons further inform us , that on the 11th of June 1649 , " the Committee of Revenue was authorized and required to pay forthwith , unto Thomas Maundy of London , the sum of ? 137 Is . 8d . , in discharge of his bill of charges for making the new Mace for the service of this House ? . " There appears to have been some error in this amount , as on the 7th of August 1649 , it was " Ordered , that it be referred to the Committee of Revenue , to examine the particulars touching the charge for making the Mace for this House ; and if they find the same was miscast , and that the sum of ? 9 10s . remaineth yet due and unpaid for the same , that they forthwith make payment of the same unto Thomas Maundy 1I . " Thus we have additional evidence , not only of the manufacture of a new Mace for the House , but even of its cost . On the 9th of August 1649 , the Journals of the Commons state that it was " Ordered , that those gentlemen who were appointed by this House to have the custody of the Regalia , do deliver them over unto the Trustees for sale of the goods of the late King , who are to cause the same to be totally broken ; and that they melt down all the gold and silver , and sell the Jewells to the best advantage of the Commonwealth , and to take the like care of them that are in the Tower ' . " There is every reason to believe that this order was executed , and that not only the Regalia , but all gold and silver articles ( among which would be included the Royal Mace ) were melted down and sold . A curious MS . , giving an account of the preparations for the Coronation of Charles the Second , by Sir Edward Walker , Knt . , Garter Principal King-at-Arms , published in 1820 , informs us , " that because through the rapine of the then late unhappy times , all the Royal Ornaments and Regalia theretofore preserved from age to age in the treasury of the Church of Westminster had been taken away , sold , or destroyed , the Committee ( appointed to order the ceremony ) met divers times , not only to direct the re-making such Royal Ornaments and Regalia , but even to settle the form and fashion of each particular , all which did then retain the old names and fashion , although they had been newly made and prepared , by orders given to the Earl of Sandwich , Master of the Great Wardrobe , and Sir Gilbert Talbot , Knt . , Master of the Jewell House . " The MS . then proceeds to enumerate the various articles ordered to be made for the Coronation of the King , which makes it evident that the former Regalia had been destroyed* . The singular and fortunate discovery of the receipt of Sir Robert Vyner for ? 5500 , being part payment of ? 31,978 9s . lid . , the charge for making the Regalia and different gold and silver ornaments , destined as presents at the Coronation of Charles the Second , lends additional and powerful weight to the presumption , that all the plate belonging to Charles the First was destroyed . The receipt specifies the various articles made , among which are no less than " Eighteen Maces , and divers other parcells of guilt and white plate . " It is worthy of mention , that this receipt was found by Mr. Robert Cole among the documents sold in 1838 by the then Lords of the Treasury as waste paper ! ! It forms the subject of a short communication made to the Society of Antiquaries in 1841 , and printed in the 29th volume of the Archaeologia . 6-16 Between the period when the new Commonwealth Mace was first used and the 23rd of April 1653 , the date of the celebrated dissolution , the Journals of the Commons frequently allude to the new Mace ; and as there is no record whatever of any other Mace having been ordered , we can arrive at no other conclusion , than that this was the celebrated Mace mentioned in all histories of this period as the < Bauble , " so called by Cromwell when he dissolved the Parliament . That the Mace was turned out of the House of Commons admits of no doubt , as all historians agree on the point , the only discrepancy being , that some say Cromwell ordered a musketeer to take away that " fool 's Bauble , " pointing to the Mace ; and others , that when all the Members had left the House , the doors were locked , and the Key with the Mace carried away by Colonel Otley . It will not be out of place to mention here , that West 's famous picture of the Dissolution of the Long Parliament represents Cromwell in the act of pointing to the Mace as he uttered the words , " Take away that fool 's Bauble ; " and it is important to state , that the Mace , which occupies a most prominent position in the centre of the picture , agrees perfectly in its appearance with the description given of it in the Parliamentary History and Whitelock 's Memorials , being nearly destitute of ornament , and without the Crown and Cross . Had we no further evidence , the foregoing extracts from authentic documents would suffice to prove that the Mace turned out of the House of Commons by Cromwell was not that subsequently given to the Royal Society by Charles the Second , which differs totally in its appearance from the Mace made for the Commonwealth Parliament , and , as we have seen , used by the House of Commons from 1649 to 1653 . And when we reflect , that immediately after the King 's execution , orders were issued to pull down , erase , and destroy every vestige of Royalty throughout the length and breadth of the land* , it is absurd to imagine that the individuals giving such orders , and exacting their most rigid execution , should , for a period of upwards of four years , have sat around a table on which lay a Mace , bearing not only the Royal Arms in the most conspicuous manner , but also a Crown and the letters C. R. four times repeated ; and this they must have done to make the story true , that the Mace given to the Royal Society by Charles the Second is the famous " Bauble . " " The sacred Mace , " as it has been called by some historians , though so rudely expelled from the House of Commons , was , strange as it may seem , preserved and soon restored to its high office ; for on the 7th of July 1653 , only three days after the assembling of Cromwell 's first Parliament , the Journals of the Commons state , that the Sergeant-at-Arms was " Ordered to repair to Lieut.-Col . Worseley for the Mace , and to bring it to this House ; and on the same day it was referred to a Committee to consider the use of the Mace , and with whom it shall remain , and report their opinion to the House* . " On the 12th of July the above Committee reported , that " the Mace should be made use of as formerly ; " upon which the House resolved , " That the Mace shall be used in the House as formerly ; and it was ordered that the Mace be brought in , which was done accordingly . " From this period to the Restoration , there is no record of a new Mace having been ordered ; and by the Journals of the Commons it appears that the Mace was used on all occasions as heretofore , and sometimes even carried before the Speaker , when he went at the head of the House to attend service at St. Margaret 's Church , on the days appointed for solemn fasts . The Restoration , which put an end to every outward manifestation of republicanism , terminated the existence of the Commonwealth Mace ; indeed as much haste was shown to get rid of it , as was evinced after the execution of the late King in the ejection of the Royal Mace . On the 27th of April 1660 , the Journals of the Commons state , that E. Birkhead , Esq . , late Sergeant-at-Mace , was " Ordered forthwith to deliver the Keys of the House , and the Mace belonging to the House to Sergeant Northfolk ; " and on the 21st of May it was resolved T , " That two new Maces be forthwith provided , one for this House , and the other for the Council of State , with the Cross and King 's Majesty 's Arms , and such other ornaments as were formerly usual ; and it was referred to the Council of State to take care that the same be provided accordingly ? . " Here we have additional evidence that the Royal Society 's Mace and the " Bauble " are not identical , for we find the House of Commons ordering , a month before the Restoration , a new Mace , which is to be decorated " with the King 's Arms , Cross , and other ornaments as were formerly usual . " Having thus clearly ascertained that the Mace presented to the Royal Society by Charles the Second is not that expelled from the House of Commons by Cromwell , I turned my attention to discover , if possible , the history of the Mace belonging to the Royal Society . It will be remembered that the Archives of the Society throw no light whatever upon this important point , nor is the Mace even described I( . It is merely stated , that it was sent from the Jewel House in the year 1663 . Under these circumstances , and by the advice of my friend Sir Henry Ellis , I addressed a letter to Edmund Lenthal Swifte , Esq . , Keeper of H. M. Jewel House , requesting permission to search the Archives , which I presumed were kept in that office . In reply I received the following letter : Her Majesty 's Jewel House , March 13 , 1846 . DEAR SIR , It would have much gratified me to aid the wishes of any friend of Sir Henry Ellis . On your account too , your name and office would have been more than sufficient to claim attention . But I can only regret my inability in this matter . Since Edmund Burke 's Bill , the Jewel House has undergone a radical change in its duties and functions . Previously , its Chief had the charge and presentation of the Royal gifts , whereof he had of course the accounts . Whatever entries there may be concerning the Mace , which was certainly given by Charles the Second to Lord Brouncker , as President of the Royal Society , in the old books of the Jewel House , they are most probably to be found in the Lord Chamberlain 's Office , to whom the control of the Jewel House was transferred in ( I believe ) 1782 . Not a single record is , or ever was , in my hands . Otherwise , to have accorded you fullest and freest access would have been to me an especial pleasure . I am , my dear Sir , Very faithfully yours , EDMUND LENTHAL SWIFTE , C. R. Weld , Esq . The receipt of this letter caused me to write to the Lord Chamberlain for permission to examine the Archives under his charge . This was immediately granted , and with the kind assistance of the chief clerks in Lord Delawarr 's Office , I fortunately , after a long search in a gloomy and damp apartment , which was formerly a stable , found the original Warrant , ordering a Mace to be made for the Royal Society . The following is a copy of this most important and valuable document . The book in which it exists is entitled , " The Book of Warrants of the Lord Chamberlain , Edward , Earl of Manchester , of His Majesty 's Household , for the Years 1663 , 4 , 5 , 6 & 7 , " and the Warrant is entered under the head of " Jewell House " : " A Warrant to prepare and deliver to the Rt . Hon. William Lord Viscount Brouncker , President of the Royall Society of London , for the improving of naturall knowledge by experiments ; one guilt Mace , of one hundred and fifty oz.- , being a guift from His Matie to the said Society . " the Council-Book of the Society , that Sir Richard Brown , through the medium of Evelyn , presented the Society with a velvet cushion , whereon the Mace was laid when placed before the President . * Troy weight , which approximates nearly to 190 oz . avoirdupois . This Warrant is among those issued in 1663 , and as several previous warrants exist , bearing the dates of January , February , March , and April , and others entered subsequently are dated May , June , and July , we may reasonably conclude , that the Warrant for making the Society 's Mace was issued early in 1663 ; and this is strengthened by the fact , that the Society received the Mace in the month of August in the same year* . This discovery not only destroys the long-entertained belief , that the Mace belonging to the Royal Society and the " Bauble " are identical , but also affords conclusive evidence that the former was made expressly for the Royal Society . On a minute examination of the Society 's Mace , in order to detect , if possible , the maker 's name or a date , neither of which exist , I observed that the chasing on the stem consists entirely of Thistle leaves and flowers : at the time this fact passed unnoticed , but it is now evident that the Thistle was employed as the principal ornament on account of its being symbolical of St. Andrew , the patron saint of the Society , in whose honour the Fellows of the Society were accustomed , at the early anniversary Meetings , to wear a St. Andrew 's Cross in their hats . This use of the Thistle is another proof that the Mace was made for the Society . In conclusion , I cannot forbear observing , that although the Mace may not be as curious as before to the antiquary , divested as it now is of its fictitious historical interest , yet it is much more to be respected ; for surely a Mace designated a " Bauble , " and spurned from the House of Commons by a Republican , would scarcely be an appropriate gift from a Sovereign to the Royal Society . The Mace in its possession was expressly made for the Society , and given to it by its Royal Founder ; and the associations appertaining to it , embracing the remembrance , that around it have been gathered men whose names not only shed imperishable lustre on the Royal Society , but on the civilized world , must hallow it to all lovers of science and truth . 
May 8 , 1851 . The EARL OF ROSSE , President , in the Chair . Professor Owen delivered the Croonian Lecture , being the substance of his paper " On the Megatherium."-Part II . Received May 6 , 1851 . In his lecture the author premised a brief sketch of the successive steps which had led to the knowledge of the Megatherium acquired at the date of his researches , and of the different hypotheses which had been broached of its affinities , habits and food . He then recounted the mode of the acquisition of the complete skeleton , and of its articulation , at the British Museum , and commenced its description by the vertebre of the trunk . These consist of 7 cervical , 16 dorsal , 3 lumbar , 5 sacral , and 18 caudal vertebrae . The first to the fifth dorsal vertebrae are characterized by having the ordinary number of articular processes ( zygapophyses ) , two before and two behind ; and by having three articular surfaces for the ribs on each side , one on the centrum , one on the neurapophysis , and one on the diapophysis . The sixth dorsal vertebra has an accessory zygapophysis between the posterior pair ; the thirteenth dorsal has one between the anterior pair ; the seventh to the twelfth inclusive have the accessory median zygapophysis between both the anterior and posterior pairs of the ordinary zygapophyses . The fourteenth and succeeding dorsals have no costal surface on the diapophysis or centrum . The fifteenth has both metapophysis and anapophysis the latter with an articular surface : the sixteenth superadds the parapophysis with an articular facet . The lumbar vertebrme lose the costal surface on the centrum , and retain the metapophyses , anapophyses and parapophyses . The nature of these accessory processes was explained by reference to the descriptions and figures of the exogenous processes of vertebrae in Part I. of the present Memoir . The characteristics of the cervical vertebrae were next detailed . Of the five anchylosed sacral vertebrae , three are confluent with the iliac bones , and two with the ischia . The fourteen anterior caudals are characterized by articular surfaces for haemapophyses . These elements are separate from each other in the first caudal , and confluent as usual at their distal ends , forming a ' chevron-bone ' in the others . The posterior zygapophyses lose their articular surfaces in the eleventh caudal ; the anterior ones disappear in the twelfth : the metapophyses have subsided in the fifteenth . The neural canal is unclosed above in the sixteenth ; and the vertebra is reduced to its central element in the last two caudals . The skull is remarkable for its small proportional size , for its long and slender cranial portion , its large and complex zygomatic arches , its broad truncate facial part , with the slender produced premaxillaries , and for the great depth of the middle of the lower jaw . The mastoid element developes a large tuberous process and a deep semicircular articular cavity for the stylohyal . The malar bone sends down a long process outside the lower jaw . The number of teeth is 4_-= 18 , the fifth in the upper jaw being the smallest . They are alike in structure , and differ but little in shape : the grinding surface in most is crossed by two transverse ridges , the summits of which are formed by hard dentine ; the rest of the tooth being composed of a central body of vaso-dentine and a peripheral mass of vascular cement . The microscopic characters of these several constituents of the teeth were then described . Each tooth is deeply implanted in the jaw , where it terminates without dividing into fangs , by a widely open pulp-cavity for a persistent matrix , ensuring perpetual growth . The stylohyal bone has the form of a hammer , with a long , slightly bent handle ; one part of the head being thickened and rounded for articulation with the cavity in the mastoid . The scapula presents almost the form of a trapezium , with the inferior angle bent outwards , increasing the depth of the subspinal fossa : there is a rudiment of a second spine , below the normal one : the acromion is expanded , produced and confluent with the coracoid ; and the supraspinal fossa is perforated by a circular aperture . The clavicle has a well-marked sigmoid flexure , equally-developed obtuse extremities , without any articular surface . The humerus is remarkable for the enormous development of ridges for the attachment of the muscles , especially at its distal end : the inner condyle is not perforated as in the Megcdonyyx ; it is devoid of a medullary cavity . The ulna and radius are next described . The carpus consists of seven bones , three of which are proper to the first row , three to the second , and one is common to both ; the latter answers to the ' scaphoides ' and 'trapezium ' in the human wrist , and articulates with the radius above , and the rudiment of the metacarpal of the pollex below . Only four digits are developed , the first or 'pollex ' being obsolete . The 'index ' or second digit has three phalanges , the last supporting a large claw , and being twice as long as the two preceding phalanges . The proximal and middle phalanges of the ' digitus medius ' are confluent . The ungual phalanx is shorter than that of the index , but has twice its vertical breadth . The metacarpals progressively increase in length from the first to the fifth . The fourth digit or ' annularis ' has three phalanges , the last being unguiculate and longer than that of the 'medius . ' The fifth digit has only two very short rounded phalanges , which were doubtless buried in a thick callous outer border of the foot , on which the Megatherium rested hen applying the foot to the ground . The pelvis shows the conversion of the ischiadic notch into a foramen by the anchylosis of the ischia with the posterior sacral vertebra , and the union of the ossa pubis at a short anteriorly produced symphysis . The ilia are extraordinary for their vast breadth , and the thickness of the rugged labrum ; indicative of the enormous muscular forces , of which this conspicuous part of the skeleton was the centre . The femur is hardly less remarkable for its breadth and strength . The head is devoid of an impression for the ligamentum teres : but from the dimensions of the hemispheroid cavity receiving it , the author calculates that the muscles are aided in retaining the head of the femur in its place by an atmospheric pressure , with the barometer at 30 in . , of not less than 660 pounds . At the distal end of the femur there is a great angular projection above the outer condyle . The rotular surface is continuous with that upon the outer condyle , but not with the inner one . The tibia and fibula are anchylosed together at both their extremities . Besides the patella in front of the knee-joint , there is a sesamoid 'poplitella ' behind , wedged between the outer condyle and the tibia ; which was doubtless imbedded at its base in the femoro-tibial articular capsule , and gave insertion to the tendon of the popliteus muscle . This sesamoid is not to be confounded with the ' fabella , ' developed in many quadrupeds in the origin of the gastrocnemius , behind one or both condyles of the femur . The most peculiar feature in the tibia of the Megatherium is the form of the distal articular surface : especially the large and deep hemispherical excavation on the inner part of that surface for an unusually secure interlocking of the foot to the leg . The bones of the tarsus are six in number in the Megatherium , and the astragalus offers corresponding peculiarities with those of the tibia with which it is articulated , and also remarkable modifications for the articulation of the naviculare and calcaneum . In the calcaneum , the length and strength of the hinder prominence forming the great lever for the extension of the foot , are amongst its most striking characteristics . These , with those of the other bones of the tarsus , are minutely detailed . There is no digit answering to the great toe or 'hallux , ' nor any trace of the 'os cuneiforme ' for that toe . The innermost of the 'ossa cuneiformia ' answers to the middle one , and if any rudiment of the second toe ever existed independently , it has coalesced with that cuneiform bone : but this cannot be supposed to represent both middle and internal cuneiform bones and their digits blended together , as Cuvier supposed . There are no little bones missing from the inner side of the middle cuneiforme , as Pander and D'Alton conjectured . The first or innermost distinct metatarsal bone is that of the toe answering to the third , or digitus medius , in the pentadactyle foot : it is a short thick irregular wedge-shaped bone , with a large triangular concave base for the ' ecto-cuneiforme ' ; a semicircular flattened surface on the outer side for the fourth metatarsal , and a small semi-elliptic flat surface on the inner side for the 'meso-cuneiforme ' . The distal end of ' the bone presents a strong median vertical obtuse ridge , dividing two vertically elongated slightly concave surfaces , to which the anchylosed proximal and middle phalanges of the strong claw-bearing digit articulate . The ungual phalanx is shorter in proportion to its depth , than in the digitus medius of the fore-foot , and differs in the greater breadth of ' the upper part of the claw-sheath , and in the straighter cone , or bony core , which supported the claw . The metatarsals of the fourth and fifth toes are much larger than that of the third ; but they support mere rudiments of digits reduced in each to two stunted phalanges , which were doubtless buried like those of the outer digit in the fore-foot in a kind of callous hoof . Having completed the description of the skeleton , which is illustrated by an extensive series of accurate and highly finished drawings , the author proceeds to the comparison of the modifications of the osseous structure of the gigantic extinct animal with that in other known existing and extinct species of the class Mammalia . The teeth agree in number , kind , mode of implantation and growth , with those of the Sloth , and their structure is a modification of that peculiar to the Sloth-tribe . All the modifications of the skull relating to the act of mastication , especially the large and complex malar bone , repeat the peculiarities presented by the existing Sloths . There are the same hemispheric depressions for the hyoid bone in the Megatherium as in the Sloth . In the number of cervical vertebrae the Megatherium , like the two-toed Sloth , agrees with the Mammalia generally . In the accessory articular surfaces afforded by the anapophyses and parapophyses of the hinder dorsal and lumbar vertebre , the Megatherium resembles the Ant-eaters ( Myrmecophcage ) : but it does not resemble theArmadillos(Dasypus ) in having long metapophyses , the peculiar development of which in those loricated Bruta has a direct relation to the support of their bony dermal armour . In the mesozygapophyses of the middle dorsal vertebrae the Megatherium is peculiar . In the small extent of the produced and pointed symphysis pubis it resembles the Sloths ; and in the junction of both ilium and ischium with the sacrum , it manifests a character common to the Edentate order ; but in the expanse and massiveness of the iliac bones , it can only be compared with other extinct members of its own peculiar family of Phyllophagous Edentata . Its habits necessitating a strong and powerful tail , we find this resembling in its bony structure that of other Edentata with a similar appendage , especially in the independency of the two haemapophyses of the first caudal , a character which obtains in the Great Ant-eater and in some Armadillos ; but this is no evidence of direct affinity to either of these families ; the habits of the small arboreal Sloths render their eminently prehensile limbs sufficient for their required movements , and the tail is wanting . Had that appendage been proportionally as large as in the Megatherium , we cannot suppose that the caudal vertebrae would have materially differed from those of other Edentata . In the coalescence of the anterior vertebral ribs with the bony sternal ribs , the Megatherium resembles the Sloths . This essential affinity is still more marked in the peculiarities of the scapula and of the carpus . In the Myrmecophagajubata , the scaphoid is distinct : in the Manis it coalesces with the lunare : in the Dasypus gigas the trapezoides is anchylosed to the second metacarpal : in the Das . sexcinctus it has coalesced with the trapezium . Not any of these characteristics are manifested by the Megatherium : its carpus repeats the peculiarities of that in the Sloths , viz . the reduction of the number of carpal bones to seven by the coalescence of the scaphoid with the trapezium . The first digit ( pollex ) , which is retained in the Anteaters and Armadillos , is obsolete in the Megatherium as in the Sloths and Orycteropus : three digits are fully developed and armed with claws , as in the Bradypus tridactylus ; and the fifth , though incomplete in the Megatherium , is better developed , because it was required in the ponderous terrestrial Sloth for its progression on level ground . In no existing ground-dwelling Edentate is the fifth digit deprived of its ungual phalanx , as in the Megatherium . The bones of the fore-foot of that extinct animal are thus seen to be modified mainly after the type of the Bradypodidae . The long bones of all the limbs are devoid of medullary cavities , as in the Sloths . The femur lacks the ligamentum teres as in the Sloths . The fibula is anchylosed to the tibia at both ends in Megatherium , as in Dasypus ; but this is not the case in the closely-allied extinct Megatherioids called Mylodon , Megalonyx and Scelidotherium , a fact which diminishes the force of the argument which Cuvier deduced from the coalesced condition of the bones in the Megatherium in favour of its affinities to the Armadillos . The semi-inverted but firm interlocking articulation of the hind-foot to the leg shows the peculiarities of that joint in the Sloths exaggerated , and departs further from its characteristics in other Edentata . In all the existing Edentata , save the Sloths , the hind-foot is pentadactyle , and four of the toes have a long claw , even in the little arboreal Myrmecophaga didactyla : the departure by degradation from the pentadactyle type is a peculiar characteristic of the Sloth-tribe in the order . It is carried further in the same direction in the great extinct terrestrial Sloths . In these the mutilation of the foot has commenced on the outer side by the removal of the ungual phalanx from the fifth and fourth toes ; but this accompanied by modifications which adapt these toes to the important office of support and progression of the body on level ground . In the scansorial Sloths , the three middle digits being equally developed for prehension , one toe on the outer and one on the inner side of the foot , are reduced to their metatarsal basis . In the Megatherium the mutilation of the foot on the inner side is carried to a greater extent ; the innermost toe or hallux , with its entocuneiform bone , is wholly removed : the second toe is represented , like the first in the Sloths , by its cuneiform bone and a coalesced rudiment of the metatarse : and it is only the third toe or medius that repeats the condition of the claw-bearing toes in the climbing Sloths . Finally , the author enters upon the question of the habits and food of the Megatherium . Guided by the general rule that animals having the same kind of dentition have the same kind of food , he concludes that the Megatherium must have subsisted , like the Sloths , on the foliage of trees ; but that the greater size and strength of the jaws and teeth , and the double-ridged grinding surface of the molars in the Megatherium , adapted it to bruise the smaller branches as well as the leaves , and thus to approximate its food to that of the Elephants and Mastodons . The existing Elephants and the Giraffe are specially modified to obtain their leafy food ; the one being provided with a proboscis , and the entire frame of the lofty Giraffe adapting it to browse on branches above the reach of its largest ruminant congeners . If the Megatherium possessed , as Cuvier conjectured , a proboscis , it cannot , judging from the suborbital foramina , have exceeded in size that of the Tapir , and could only have operated upon branches brought near its mouth . Of the use of such a proboscis in obtaining nutritious roots , on the prevalent hypothesis that such formed the sustenance of the Megatherium , it is not easy to speculate : the hog 's snout might be supposed to be more serviceable in obtaining those parts of vegetables ; but no trace of the praenasal bone exists in the skull . A short proboscis would be very useful in rending off the branches of a tree prostrated and within reach of the low and broad-bodied Megatherium , and it would be aided in this act by the tongue , of which , both the hyoid skeleton , by its strength and articulation , and the foramina for the muscular nerves by their unusual area , attest the great size and power . As regards the limbs , the Megatherium differs from the Giraffe and Elephant in the unguiculate character of certain of its toes , in the power of ' rotating the bones of the fore-arm , in the corresponding development of supinator and entocondyloid ridges in the humerus , and in the possession of complete clavicles . These bones are requisite to give due strength and stability to the shoulder-joint for varied actions of the fore-arm , as in grasping , climbing and burrowing : but they are not essential to scansorial or fossorial quadrupeds ; the Bear and the Badger have not a trace of clavicles , and the mere rudiments of these bones exist in the Rabbit and the Fox . We must seek , therefore , in the other parts of the organization of the Megatherium , for a clew to the nature of the actions by which it obtained its food . In habitual burrowers the claws can be extended in the same plane as the palm , and they are broader than they are deep . In the Megatherium the depth of the claw-phalanx exceeds its breadth , especially in the large one of the middle finger ; and they cannot be extended into a line with the metacarpus , but are more or less bent . Thus , although they might be used for occasional acts of scratching up the soil , they are better adapted for grasping ; and the whole structure of the fore-foot militates against the hypothesis of Pander and D'Alton , that the Megatherium was a burrowing animal . The same structure equally shows that it was not , as Dr. Lund supposes , a scansorial quadruped ; for , in the degree in which the foot departs from the structure of that of the existing Sloths , it is unfitted for climbing ; and the outer digit is modified , after the ungulate type , for the exclusive office of supporting the body in ordinary terrestrial progression . It may be inferred from the diminished curvature and length , and from the increased strength and the inequality of the claws , especially the disproportionately large size of that weapon of the middle digit , that the fore-foot of the Megatherium was occasionally applied by the short and strong fore-limb in the act of digging ; but its analogy to that of the Ant-eaters teaches that the fossorial actions were limited to the removal of the surface-soil , in order to expose something there concealed , and not for the purpose of burrowing . Such an instrument would be equally effective in the disturbance of roots and ants ; it is , however , still better adapted for grasping than for delving . But to whatever task the partially unguiculate hand of the Megatherium might have been applied , the bones of the wrist , fore-arm , arm and shoulder , attest the prodigious force which would be brought to bear upon its execution . The general organization of the anterior extremity of the Megatherium is incompatible with its being a strictly scansorial or exclusively fossorial animal , and its teeth and jaws decidedly negative the idea of its having fed upon insects ; the two extremes in regard to the length of the jaws are presented by the phyllophagous and myrmecophagous members of the Edentate order , and the Megatherium in the shortness of its face agrees with the Sloths . Proceeding then to other parts of the skeleton for the solution of the question as to how the Megatherium obtained its leafy food , the author remarks that the pelvis and hind limbs of the strictly burrowing animals , e.g. the Mole , are remarkably slender and feeble , and that they offer no notable development in the Rabbit , the Orycterope , or other less powerful excavators . In the climbing animals , as e.g. the Sloth and Orang , the hind-legs are much shorter than the fore-legs , and even in those Quadrumana in which the prehensile tail is superadded to the sacrum , the pelvis is not remarkable for its size or the expansion of the iliac bones . But in the Megatherium the extraordinary size and massive proportions of the pelvis and hind limbs arrest the attention of the least curious beholder , and become eminently suggestive to the physiologist of the peculiar powers and actions of the animal . The enormous pelvis was the centre whence muscular masses of unwonted force diverged to act upon the trunk , the tail , and the hind legs , and also by the ' latissimus dorsi ' on the fore-limbs . The fore-foot being adapted for scratching as well as for grasping , may have been employed in removing the earth from the roots of the tree and detaching them from the soil . The fore-limbs being well adapted for grasping the trunk of a tree , the forces concentrated upon them from the broad posterior basis of the body may have co-operated with them in the labour , to which they are so amply adapted , of uprooting and prostrating the tree . To give due resistance and stability to the pelvis , the bones of the hind-legs are as extraordinarily developed , and the strong and powerful tail must have concurred with the two hind-legs in forming a tripod as a firm foundation for the massive pelvis , and affording adequate resistance to the forces acting from and upon that great osseous centre . The large processes and capacious spinal canal indicate the strength of the muscles which surrounded the tail , 64 < and the vast mass of nervous fibre from which those muscles derived their energy . The natural co-adaptation of the articular surfaces shows that the ordinary inflection of the end of the tail was backwards as in a caudafulciens , not forwards as in a cauda prehensilis . Dr. Lund 's hypothesis , therefore , that the Megatherium was a climber and had a prehensile tail , is destroyed by the now known structure of that part . But viewing , as the author conceives , the pelvis of the Megatherium as being the fixed centre towards which the fore-legs and fore-part of the body were drawn in the gigantic leaf-eater 's efforts to uprend the tree that bore its sustenance , the colossal proportions of its hind extremities and tail lose all their anomaly , and appear in just harmony with the robust claviculate and unguiculate fore-limbs with which they combined their forces in the Herculean labour . The author then referred to the Mylodon robustus , a smaller extinct species of the same natural family of phyllophagous Bruta , and to the additional arguments derivable from the skeleton of that animal in favour of the essential affinity of the Megatherium to the Sloths ; and the light which the remarkable healed fractures of the skull of a specimen in the Museum of the College of Surgeons threw upon the habits and mode of life of the species . Finally , with reference to the hypothesis of the German authors and artists of the degeneration of the ancient Megatherioids of South America into the modern Sloths , the author remarked that the general results of the labours of the anatomist in the restoration of extinct species , viewed in relation to their existing representatives of the different continents and islands , commonly suggested the idea that the races of animals had deteriorated in point of size . Thus the palmated Megaceros is contrasted with the Fallow-deer , and the great Cave-bear with the actual Brown Bear of Europe . The huge Diprotodon and Nototherium afford a similar contrast with the Kangaroos of Australia , and the towering Dinornis and Palapteryx with the small Apteryx of New Zealand . But the comparatively diminutive aboriginal animals of South America , Australia and New Zealand , which are the nearest allies of the gigantic extinct species respectively characteristic of such tracts of dry land , are specifically distinct , and usually by characters so well marked as to require a subgeneric division , and such as no known or conceivable outward influences could have progressively transmuted . Moreover , as in England , for example , our Moles , Water-voles , Weasels , Foxes and Badgers , are of the same species as those that co-existed with the Mammoth , Tichorrine Rhinoceros , Cave Hyvena , Bear , & c. ; so likewise the remains of small Sloths and Armadillos are found associated with the Megatherium and Glyptodon in South America ; the fossil remains of ordinary Kangaroos and Wombats occur together with those of gigantic herbivorous marsupials ; and there is similar evidence that the Apteryx existed with the Dinornis : and the author offered the following suggestions as more applicable to or explanatory of the phenomena than the theory of transmutation and degradation . He observed , that in proportion to the bulk of an animal is the difficulty of the contest which , as a living being , it has to maintain against the surrounding influences which are ever tending to dissolve the vital bond and subjugate the organised matter to the ordinary chemical and physical forces . Any changes , therefore , in the external circumstances in which a species may have been created to exist , will militate against that existence in probably a geometrical ratio to the bulk of such species . If a dry season be gradually prolonged , the large mammal will suffer from the drought sooner than the small one ; if such alteration of climate affect the quantity of vegetable food , the bulky Herbivore will first feel the effects of the stinted nourishment ; if new enemies are introduced , the large and conspicuous quadruped or bird will fall a prey , whilst the smaller species might conceal themselves and escape . Smaller quadrupeds are usually , also , more prolific than larger ones . The actual presence therefore of small species of animals in countries where the larger species of the same natural families formerly existed , is not to be ascribed to any gradual diminution of the size of such larger animals , but is the result of circumstances which may be illustrated by the fable of ' the oak and the reed ' ; the small animals have bent and accommodated themselves to changes under which the larger species have succumbed . 
The Bakerian Lecture , on some chemical Agencies of Electricity . , By Humphry Davy , Esq . F.R.S. M.R.I.A. Read November 20 , 1806 . [ Phil . Trans. 1807 , p. 1 . ] The chemical effects produced by electricity have , Mr. Davy says , long been objects of attention ; but the novelty of the phenomena , their want of analogy to known facts , and the apparent discordance of some of the results , involved the inquiry in obscurity . It was very early observed , that acid and alkaline matter appeared in water acted upon by a current of electricity ; but Mr. Davy soon found that the muriatic acid came from the animal or vegetable matters employed to connect the two portions of water ; for when the same cotton was repeatedly used , it ceased to be evolved . The soda , in like manner , was found to proceed from the corrosion of the glass tube , as it did not appear in water electrified in an agate cup . To be more certain of this effect , some distilled water was electrified in two agate cups , by the current from 150 four-inch plates , the communication between the cups being formed by moistened amianthus . In the first experiment soda was produced in the negative cup , . but the quantity was much less than when glass tubes were used ; and on repeating the experiment , its quantity decreased , so that in the fourth experiment the presence of soda was scarcely perceptible in the residual water . The water in the other tube was sour , and , appeared to contain nitrous acid , with excess of nitrous gas . As similar effects were produced by electrifying water in small gold cones , Mr. Davy suspected that some minute portion of saline matter had been carried over during the distillation of the water ; notwithstanding it did not affect nitrate of silver , or muriate of barytes . And on evaporating a quantity of it in a silver vessel by a heat not exceeding 140 ? Fahrenheit , a small residuum was actually left , which appeared to be a mixture of nitrate of soda with nitrate of lead . A portion of this residuum being added to water electrified in the usual manner , and which had attained the maximum of its effect upon turmeric paper , considerably increased those effects . Water slowly distilled , being electrified either in gold cones or agate cups , did not evolve any fixed alkaline matter , though it exhibited signs of ammonia ; but in tubes of wax , both soda and potash were evolved , and the acid matter in the positive cup was a mixture of sulphuric and muriatic acids . In a tube of resin the alkali was principally potash . In cups of Carrara marble , primitive marble from Donegal , argillaceous schist from Cornwall , serpentine from the Lizard , and grauwacke from North Wales , soda was uniformly evolved . This probably arose from a minute portion of common salt being contained in them , for the Carrara marble yielded a sensible quantity on analysis ; and on repeating the electrifying of the water in the cup formed of it , the presence of soda became less visible every time , and at length disappeared entirely ; but the production of limewater was uniform . A bit of glass added to water , which was electrifying in the gold cones , caused it to exhibit almost immediately the presence of soda . In every instance nitrous acid was uniformly found in the positive cup , which appeared to proceed from the combination of nascent oxygen with the nitrogen of the common air absorbed by the water . The longer the operation was continued , the more acid was produced , arising from the air which continued to be absorbed . Volatile alkali was also constantly formed , from the combination of the nascent hydrogen with the nitrogen ; but it soon attained its utmost limit , as hydrogen during its solution in water seems to expel nitrogen . When water was electrified in vacuo scarcely any nitrous acid , and no volatile alkali , was formed . When electrified in a receiver filled with hydrogen ( the common air originally contained in the water having been extracted by the air pump ) , neither nitrous acid nor volatile alkali was found in the water . In all these processes , the acid matter collected in the water round the point transmitting the electricity , and the alkaline matter round that which received it . When water was even electrified in two cups made of sulphate of lime , it was found that the water connected with the positive wire contained sulphuric acid , while that in the other cup was a pure and saturated solution of lime . Similar effects were produced when use was made of cups of sulphate of strontian , fluate of lime , or sulphate of barytes . It also appeared , that very minute portions of acid or alkaline matter might be disengaged by this means from solid combinations , consisting principally of the pure earths . When cups were used made of a basalt which contained 3-1 parts of soda , and nearly half a part of muriatic acid , with fifteen parts of lime in the 100 , oxymuriatic acid was found in the positive cup , and a mixture of lime and soda in the other . A cup of compact zeolite , containing seven per cent . of soda , yielded soda and lime to the water connected with the negative wire . Lepidolite yielded potash , and vitreous lava from Etna yielded a mixture of soda , potash , and lime . Mr. Davy attempted to ascertain whether the weight of the alkali obtained , agreed with the weight lost by the substance operated upon . Water was electrified negatively for four days , by a current from 150 plates , in a glass tube that weighed 84 , -i6Tgrains . The positive wire was inserted into water , contained in an agate cup , and the communication was kept up by moistened amianthus . At the end of the process the glass tube weighed 84 3grains . The water being evaporated , yielded -r7- ? grains of a mixture of soda , with a white powder insoluble in acids . When soluble compounds were put into water , contained in agate cups , and electrified , the decomposition was more rapid . A solution of sulphate of potash being put into each of the cups , and electrified by means of fifty pair of plates for four hours , the acid was found by itself in the positive cup , and the alkaline bases in the negative cup . Similar phenomena took place with sulphate of soda , nitrate of potash , nitrate of barytes , sulphate of ammonia , and alum . When muriatic salts were used , these yielded oxymuriatic acid . When compatible mixtures of neutro-saline compounds were used , the different acids and bases separated in a mixed state , without any regard to their affinities . When solutions of metals , deoxidizable by nascent hydrogen were employed , metallic crystals formed on the negative wire , and some oxide was deposited ; but solutions of iron , zinc , and tin , only deposited oxide ; a great excess of acid was soon observed on the positive side . Although stronger solutions afforded signs of decomposition quicker than weaker ones , yet even the smallest proportions seemed to be acted upon with equal energy : as paper tinged with turmeric was immediately rendered brown when plunged into pure water and brought into contact with the negative point ; so paper tinged with litmus was immediately reddened by the positive point , in consequence of the very minute portion of saline matter contained in the paper ; and it further appeared , that in all these decompositions the separation of the constituent parts from the last portions of the compounds was complete when the operation was sufficiently protracted . The contact of the solution with the wires was not necessary for its decomposition ; for muriate of potash being put into the middle tube of a series of three , the outer ones containing only water and the wires , alkali soon appeared in that connected with the negative wire , and acid in the other ; and at length they were obtained perfectly separate . In thus causing the acids to be thus transferred from a saline compound into water , through moistened amianthus , no change was observed to take place in litmus paper placed near the amianthus . The reddening of the litmus paper always , took place just above the positive point , and then slowly diffused itself to the middle of the vessel . Similar effects were observed when the alkali was transferred , the turmeric paper first becoming brown close to the negative wire . When three glass tubes were used , the two outer tubes holding a solution of muriate of soda , and the middle one sulphate of silver , a communication being made with the central vessel by turmeric paper on the positive side , and by litmus paper on the negative , neither of the papers had its colour changed , although the muriatic acid passing through the amianthus occasioned a dense heavy precipitate in the sulphate of silver , and the soda a more diffuse and lighter one . Acid or alkaline substances will also pass through liquids , having a strong attraction for them . In an apparatus of three tubes , Mr. Davy found that sulphuric acid , evolved from sulphate of potash , would pass into water , through either ammonia , lime-water , or weak solutions of potash or of soda . The only effect of strong solutions of potash or soda was to increase the time necessary for this transfer . Muriatic or nitric acids were also transmitted through alkaline solutions ; and , vice versd , alkaline matter , by changing the arrangement of the liquids , was transmissible through the acids : even magnesia was transferred like the other bases . But when it was attempted to pass sulphuric acid through aqueous solutions of barytes or of strontian , on the contrary , the sulphate of those earths . was deposited in the intermediate tube. . Muriate of barytes being positive , sulphate of potash intermediate , and . water negative , potash appeared in the water , and sulphate of barytes was deposited in the intermediate vessel . Muriate of barytes being negative , sulphate of silver intermediate , and water positive , sulphuric acid only appeared in the water , and muriate of silver was.deposited in the intermediate vessel . Mr. Davy then proceeds to develop the theory of these phenomena : and he first considers the mode of decomposition and transition . Hydrogen , alkaline substances , and metallic oxides , are attracted by negatively electrified metallic substances , and repelled by positive ones : contrary effects take place with oxygen and the acids . He thinks these electric energies are communicated from one particle to another of the same kind , so as to establish a conducting chain in the fluid , as acid matter is always found in the alkaline solutions through which it is transferred , as long as any acid matter remains at the original source . It is possible that there may be , in some cases , a succession of decompositions and recompositions ; but the process is not absolutely necessary , as pure acids and alkalies pass through water to the points by which they . are attracted . It appears that this power of transference is overcome by gravity in attempting to pass barytes through sulphuric acid , or muriatic acid through sulphate of silver . To these instances he adds , that magnesia and the metallic.oxides will not pass through an intermediate vessel of water , but sink to the , bottom . In the decomposition of water , a particle of oxygen is attracted by the positive point , and at the same time a particle of hydrogen is repelled by it ; the opposite process takes place at the negative point : and , in the.middle of the circuit there must be a new combination of the repelled matter , in the same manner as when two portions of muriate of soda are separated by water ; muriatic is repelled from the negative side , and soda from the positive side ; so that muriate of soda is composed in the middle vessel . Although similar effects could not be produced by silently passing a strong current of electricity from an electrical machine for four hours , through sulphate of potash , yet they were produced by using platina wires *1th of an inch in diameter , cemented in glass tubes ; so that no doubt can arise but that the principle of action is the same in common as in voltaic electricity . It was known that many bodies brought into contact and then separated , exhibited opposite states of electricity ; and Mr. Davy himself had observed , that when acid and alkaline solutions were employed in alternation with plates of a single metal , the alkaline solution received the electricity from the metal , and the acid transmitted it to the metal . So in the simplest case of electrical action , the alkali , receiving electricity from the metal , would , on being separated from it , appear positive , and of course be repelled by positively electrified surfaces , and attracted by negatively electrified surfaces ; the acid , acquiring the . contrary electricity , following the contrary order . Several phenomena accord with this idea . Sulphur separated from its contact with a metal is positive ; and , in like manner , sulphur separated from sulphuric acid by electricity is attracted by the negative surface . And again , hydrogenated sulphuretted alkalies , being composed of three substances , all positive , are so very active in voltaic combinations as , in. . certain cases , to overpower the energies of the metals ... Mr. Davy then considers the relation between the electrical energy of bodies and their chemical affinities ; and observes , that all the substances that combine chemically , exhibit , so far as is known , opposite electric states ; and that , in the various experiments of decomposition by electricity , the natural electrical energies of the constituent parts of the compounds acted on are , as.it.were , overpowered by the artificial electricities : so that it is probable that chemical affinity depends upon the different electrical energies of the acting bodies . And upon this supposition , particles possessed of opposite electrical states and freedom of motion will enter into combination . When two bodies possessed of the same state act upon a third body possessed of the opposite state , the substance possessing the weakest energy will be repelled . In other cases there may be such a balance of attractive and repellent powers as to produce triple compounds , or even more complicated combinations . It will also be easy to explain the influence of the masses of bodies upon their affinities ; :for the , combined effect of many particles possessing a feeble electrical energy may be conceived equal , or even superior , to the effect of a few particles possessing a strong electrical energy ; and , accordingly , we find that concentrated alkalies resist the , transmission of acids more powerfully than weak ones. . As the strength of the electricity diminishes from the points to the middle of the water , a measure of the artificial energies may be obtained by the place where the compounds begin to be decomposed . Thus sulphate of barytes requires intermediate contact with the wires . ; and when 150 pieces of plates were used with a circuit of water of ten inches , sulphate of potash was not decomposed at four inches from the positive wire ; but when brought within two inches , its alkali was strongly repelled . As heat and light are the consequences of a restoration of the equilibrium between bodies in a high state of opposite electricities , so are they also the result of all intense chemical action ; and again , as when large quantities of electricity of low intensity act , heat is produced without light , so in low combinations the temperature only is increased . The effect of heat in promoting chemical action seems not confined to the freedom of motion it gives to the particles , but to the exaltation of the electrical energies of bodies , such as is well known to take place in glass , tourmalin , and sulphur . The electricity of an insulated plate of copper , and a plate of sulphur , was scarcely sensible at 560 Fahr . to the condensing electrometer ; at 100 ? they affected the gold leaves without condensation ; they increased in a still higher ratio as the sulphur approached its melting point ; and at a little above that point , the two substances rapidly combine , and evolve heat and light . In general , when the different electrical energies are equally strong , the combination seems to be vivid , the heat and light intense , and the new compound is in a neutral state , as in combustion , and the union of the strong acids with the alkalies ; but when only the energy is strong , the effect is less vivid , and the compound exhibits the excess of the stronger energy . Mr. Davy then considers the theory of the Voltaic apparatus ; and remarks , that the above facts seem to reconcile Volta 's own theory with the chemical theory of galvanism . In a pile of zinc , copper , and water , the plates are in opposite states of electricity ; and in regard to such low electricity , the water is an insulating body . Of course , each plate produces an opposite electricity upon the opposite plate , the intensity increasing with the number , and the quantity with the extent of the series . " Upon connecting the extreme points , the opposite electricities tend to produce an equilibrium , which would cause the motion to cease : but the fluid medium being composed of two elements possessing opposite electrical energies , the oxygen is attracted by the zinc , and the hydrogen by the copper . Hence the balance of power is only momentary ; for oxide of zinc is formed , and hydrogen is disengaged . The electricity acquired by the copper is communicated anew to the zinc , and the process continues as long as the chemical changes are carried on . Neither the conducting nor solvent powers of the fluid mediums are a principal cause of their activity ; for strong sulphuric acid has very little activity in the pile . The effect of neutro-saline solutions diminishes when troughs are used , according as their acid arranges itself on the side of the zinc plates , and their alkali on the other ; but the energy may be restored by agitating the fluids in the cells . As sensible heat appears when an equilibrium is produced by small metallic surfaces in the voltaic battery , the opposite states being exalted , so if the decomposition of the chemical agents be essential to the balance of the opposed electricities , the decomposition of the saline solutions ought to be attended with an increase of temperature . To water electrified in the gold cones by the power of 100 plates , a drop of solution of potash was added in the positive cone : potash immediately passed over , and in less than two minutes the water was in a state of ebullition . When solution of nitrate of ammonia was employed , the water was evaporated in three or four minutes with a kind of explosive noise , and inflammation took place . The pure alkalies , or acids , produced very little effect , although they are better conductors . Lastly , some general applications of these singular facts are pointed out by Mr. Davy ; such , for instance , as the application of electricity to the analysis of animal and vegetable substances . Muscular fibre being electrified for some time , became dry and hard ; and it left , upon incineration , no saline matter . Potash , soda , ammonia , lime , and oxide of iron , were collected on the negative side ; and the sulphuric , nitric , muriatic , phosphoric , and acetous acids , on the positive . Laurel-leaf was rendered brown and parched ; green colouring matter , with resin , alkali , and lime , appeared in the negative vessel , and prussic acid in the positive . By using charcoal and plumbago , or charcoal and iron , as the exciting powers , along with neutro-saline solutions , large quantities of acids and alkalies might be procured with little trouble or expense . It is very probable that many mineral formations have been materially influenced or even occasioned by the agency of the electricity ; and the electrical power of transference may thus be applied to the explanation of the principal points in geology . 
An Account of the Construction and Adjustment of the New Standards of Weights and Measures of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . By Captain Henry Kater , F.R.S. Read November 24 , 1825 . [ Phil . Trans. 1826 , Part II . p. 1 . ] The author , after stating that the weights and measures of the United Kingdom are founded on a standard whose length is determined by its proportion to that of a pendulum vibrating mean time in London , which has been ascertained by him to be 39-13929 inches of Sir George Shuckburgh 's scale , considers it necessary , on account of the importance of the result , to consider what degree of confidence it is entitled to . For this purpose it is necessary to compare this final result with those obtained in other experiments and by different methods . Now it appears that previous to the experiments detailed in the author 's paper on the subject in the Philosophical Transactions for 1818 , on which this result rests , another series is there mentioned , made with the same instruments , but under circumstances which occasioned their rejection , and which , owing to some repairs in the instruments between the two series , which occasioned a material alteration in the distance between the knife edges , have all the weight of experiments made with a different pendulum ; the result of these rejected experiments , however , differed only two ten-thousandths of an inch from that ultimately adopted . The author next compares the length of the seconds pendulum at Unst and at Leith Fort , as ascertained by him by an invariable pendulum , whose vibrations had previously been determined in London , and whose length was thus known in terms of the London Seconds Pendulum , and as ascertained by M. Biot at the same stations , by means of a variety of pendulums , and by a totally different method of observation , that of Borda . The results of this comparison are a difference between the determinations of M. Biot and the author , of 0*00029 inch in excess at the former station , and 0*00015 in defect at the latter . From this near agreement of all the results , he considers that the length of the seconds pendulum in London , may be regarded as certainly known to within one ten-thousandth of an inch ; while from the near agreement of the results of the French and English experiments on the length of the pendulum , he concludes that the length of the metre in parts of Sir George Shuckburgh 's scale , may also be regarded as known within one ten-thousandth of an inch . From an account recently published by Captain Sabine of his valuable experiments for the determination of the variations in length of the seconds pendulum , he observes , doubts may be inferred of the accuracy of the method employed by him for the observations for determining the length of the seconds pendulum in London , as well as in those which have been made with the invariable pendulum . It is asserted there , that taking a mean between the disappearances and re-appearances of the disc , is a more correct method of observation than than pursued by Captain Kater , and that the intervals between the coincidences obtained , by observing the disappearances only of the disc , would be productive of error . In answer to this objection the author remarks , 1st , That with respect to the convertible pendulum , or that used for determining the absolute length of the seconds pendulum , the disc was made to subtend precisely the same angle as the tail-piece of the pendulum , so that at the moment of disappearance its centre necessarily coincided precisely with the middle of the tail-piece , and the difference between the moments of disappearance and re-appearance is rigorously nothing , an adjustment indispensable in his method of observing , when the object is to determine the true number of vibrations in 24 hours . 2ndly . With the invariable pendulum , the disc subtended a somewhat less angle than the tail-piece , so that the inferred number of vibrations in 24 hours was diminished about.-yths of a second . But experiments with the invariable pendulum being intended to be in the strictest sense of the word comparative , this constant difference will no way affect the ultimate result . But as the most direct way to remove any doubts which may be entertained on the subject , the author has computed from the whole of Captain Sabine 's observations , the successive differences in the vibrations at the various stations visited by him , by the two methods , viz . that of employing the disappearances and re-appearances , and the disappearances alone . The results only in one instance differ so much as a tenth part of a vibration . They are indifferently in excess and defect , and the mean of their discrepancies is exactly nothing . From this he concludes , that if the observations be made as nearly as possible under similar circumstances , the method of observing by disappearances alone is productive of no perceptible error in practice , in experiments with the invariable pendulum , while in those with the convertible pendulum the equal apparent size of the disc and tail-piece precludes the possibility of any , either in practice or theory , from this cause . The standard of Sir George Shuckburgh having been found identical with that of Bird , in the custody of the clerk of the House of Commons , adopted as the imperial standard unit of extension , the length of the pendulum already determined is fixed with the same degree of precision in parts of the Imperial standard yard . A repetition of Sir George Shuckburgh 's experiments on the weight of given volumes of distilled water , and a re-measurement of the cube , sphere , and cylinder used by him , were found to give no material variation from his results ; and these being stated in terms of the mean of several standard weights kept at the House of Commons , the troy pound nearest the mean has been adopted and declared by the legislature to be the original unit of weight under the denomination of the Imperial standard troy pound . The relation between this pound and the cubic inch of distilled water at 62 ? Fahrenheit , barometer 30 inches , has been ascertained by the Commissioners of Weights and Measures , who find that the latter contains 252,458 grains , each grain being the 5760 part of the standard troy pound . The avoirdupois pound is fixed for assigning its proportion to the standard troy pound , so as to contain exactly 7000 such grains . The Imperial standard gallon is defined by stating its contents under the same circumstances of temperature and pressure at 10 pounds avoirdupois ; and the bushel , by its containing 80 such pounds . The author having , in compliancewith a request of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty 's Treasury , undertaken to superintend the construction of , and to adjust the principal standards to be deposited at the Exchequer , Guildhall , Dublin , and Edinburgh , Mr. Dollond was directed to prepare those of linear measure , and Mr. Bate those of weight and measure , the proper quality of metal for the latter purpose being determined by experiments instituted for the purpose . The experiments for adjusting them are then given in full detail . The troy pounds were first adjusted , and the exactness with which this operation has been performed may be appreciated from this , that the final errors of none of them exceed 2--oths of a grain . When brought so near , it was of course not thought necessary to attempt further correction . The avoirdupois pounds and the weights of the gallon of water were then derived from the troy pounds , and finally adjusted like them by inclosing within the weight , in hollows left for the purpose , wires equal to the errors ascertained to exist in them ; the weights of these wires in each case is stated ; so that should they by any accident be taken out and lost , they may be restored . He next describes the method used in adjusting the gallon itself , the method of filling it exactly and of weighing it when filled , together with the corrections depending on the circumstances of temperature and pressure under which the experiments were made . As a final result , it appears that one only of the gallons was ultimately found in error to a greater extent than of a grain , the others having their errors less than a fourth of that quantity . The quarts and pints being next disposed of , the author describes the balance contrived by him for weighing the bushels , which proved so delicate as to turn with a single grain when loaded with 250 pounds in each scale . The resulting bushels when finally adjusted , were found to have all their apparent errors less than 6*56 grains of water , while the corrections for temperature and pressure only amounted in some cases to no less than 138 grains ; but this depending on the figure of the glass used to cover them , it is not to be understood that the contents of the vessels have actually been ascertained to this degree of precision . The adjustment of the standard yards is next described ; and the author concludes his paper by a summary of the results arrived at in the present inquiry respecting British weights and measures . The length , he remarks , of the pendulum vibrating seconds in London has been found in parts of the Imperial standard yard ; so that the value of the yard may at any time be known , having been referred to a natural standard presumed unalterable . The length of the French metre , a standard expressing a certain portion of the terrestrial meridian , has also been given in parts of the English scale . The weight of a cubic inch of distilled water has been determined in parts of the Imperial troy pound , and thus the pound if lost may at any future time be recovered . The avoirdupois pound is now for the first time defined , and the measures of capacity are made to depend on the weight of water they contain ; the Imperial gallon containing ten pounds avoirdupois of water , having been declared to be the unit or only standard measure of capacity , from which all others are to be derived . This , it is presumed , will tend powerfully to produce uniformity throughout the United Kingdom , by putting it in the power of every individual possessed of standard weights to verify his measures of capacity with the utmost facility . 
Gentlemen , I appear before you , after an absence of two years from this chair , under circumstances which deeply affect my feelings . I have been secluded , during nearly the whole of that period , from the active business of life and of society , by the slow but sure approaches of almost total blindness ; by preparations for a most delicate and , to me , most important operation , and by the precautions which were necessary to accomplish my recovery , after it had been most skilfully and successfully performed . In resuming now , therefore , my public duties in this place , I feel sensibly the novelty of my situation , as if I were entering , by the blessing of God , upon a new tenure of existence , which , whilst it offers to my view many prospects of happiness , imposes upon me likewise heavy responsibilities ; and I can only express my fervent hope and prayer , that the same merciful Providence which has vouchsafed , through his appointed means , to restore me to sight , may enable me , like a willing and humble-minded scholar , to apply the lessons taught me by the experience of my past life , to the just and useful regulation of that portion of my course which I may be still permitted to run . It is my first and most pleasing duty , Gentlemen , to thank you for your congratulations upon my recovery , which have been conveyed to me in terms most grateful to my feelings . I have on many occasions experienced both your kindness and forbearance , and I deeply regret that circumstances should so frequently have compelled me to appeal to them : but at no moment could the expression of your good-will be more welcome to me than at the present , when I am enabled to reappear amongst you , upon being again entrusted with the possession of that blessing , the value of which I have learnt to appreciate more fully by my experience of its privation . Could I have foreseen , when the progress of my malady first removed me from public life , the length of time which was to elapse before its termination , even in case 1 could have felt assured that it would end as fortunately as it has for me , I would not have ventured to trespass , so long as I have done , upon your indulgence , but would at once have retired from the proud situation of your President ; for though I could rely with perfect confidence upon the cordial cooperation of the members of the Council , and should have felt satisfied that they would not llow the real interests of the Society to suffer from my absence , yet I could not have continued altogether free from alarm , lest its dignity should be lowered in public estimation , were its affairs long allowed to be conducted with an incomplete establishment ; or the becoming authority of this Chair should be lessened by frequent changes in its occupation , particularly on great and public occasions . I was always led to believe that the disease under which I laboured would have been sufficiently advanced to justify an operation much sooner than eventually proved to be the case , and I was therefore induced to hope that my absence from the Society would not have been prolonged for such a period as to be productive either of reasonable complaint , or of serious inconvenience . When , however , the day of your last Anniversary approached , and that hope had proved delusive , I felt it my duty to resign my trust , however reluctant to sever myself from a body with which I am so honourably connected ; and I only consented to continue in its occupation , when kindly pressed to do so by the members of the Council , under the conviction that the time for performing the operation was so near at hand , that its success or failure would speedily decide whether I should be capable of again taking an active part in our concerns , or be compelled to terminate my official connexion with you for ever . I thank God that I am now enabled , in person , to express my heartfelt gratitude for your kindness to me on all occasions , and especially on the present ; and I beg you to feel assured that the remembrance of your sympathy with my affliction whilst it continued , and of your warm congratulations upon my happy recovery , will ever tend to cement more closely the ties of affection and friendship which subsist between me and the Fellows of the Royal Society . My necessary absence from my duties amongst you will prevent my entering in much detail upon the ordinary transactions of the Council , and of our weekly meetings during the last year ; for a particular statement of which I must refer to the Report of the Council , which will be read to you by one of your Secretaries , Dr. Roget . There are only two topics connected with them to which I feel myself particularly called upon to allude . The first is the publication of the classed catalogue of our library ; the second reiates to the discussions which have been attempted to be raised upon the Minutes of your proceedings on the ordinary days of your assembling during the last year . It is well known to you , Gentlemen , that , after the transfer of the Arundelian MSS . to the British Museum , and the great additions which your library received from purchases and ex~ changes of books , necessarily consequent upon that transaction , Mr. Panizzi was employed by the Council to draw up a classed catalogue of its contents . Such a compilation it was considered would be of great value , not merely to the Fellows of the Society but to men of science generally , by making known to them the treasures of a library singularly rich and complete in journals , and works on mathematical , physical , astronomical , and anatomical science , and by presenting them in such a form that persons engaged in works of research , or in any specific subject of scientific inquiry , might be made at once acquainted with nearly all the sources from whence they could derive information . This catalogue is now printed , or more correctly speaking , composed , and is undergoing such a revision from different Members of the Council , who have kindly undertaken this task , as is calculated to make it as correct and complete as the circumstances of the case will allow it to be . I have reason to hope that this work will be shortly placed in the hands of the Fellows , and that the example which it will present of what may be accomplished by the exertions of a learned body with very limited funds at its command , will not be without its influence in hastening the completion of a similar work with respect to our great national library , upon a scale proportionate to its importance , and worthy of a great and wealthy people , amongst whom literature , science , and the arts are duly cultivated and pursued . The discussions that have at different times during the last year been raised upon the Minutes of your proceedings , constitute the second subject which I wish especially to notice . I am quite sure , Gentlemen , that you will agree with me in thinking , that no one circumstance has contributed so effectually to maintain the dignity of the Royal Society , as the prohibition of personal debate in the transaction of its ordinary business ; and if I wished for any additional confirmation of this opinion , I would appeal to the very serious amount of irritation which it produced amongst you in the course of the last year , though originating in the most trivial causes . It was chiefly with a view to avoid inconveniences of this kind , and to provide an outlet for the proper expression of opinion , when any just occasion of complaint might exist , or any extraordinary circumstance occur , and to terminate disputes whenever unfortunately they might arise , that the Council , at the last revision of our statutes , passed a by-law , as they were fully authorized to do , which makes it imperative upon the President and Council to call an extraordinary meeting of its Members , upon the due presentation of a requisition for that purpose , signed by at least six Fellows , and setting forth , in specific terms , the objects for which it was required to be summoned , provided those objects be not inconsistent with the charter and statutes of the Society . Such extraordinary meetings being strictly domestic , and confined to the Fellows of the Society only , appear to me not merely to offer a sufficient security against any great mismanagement of the affairs of 13'2 the establishment , but likewise to protect your ordinary meeting* from those irregular and somewhat tumultuary discussions on matters of business , or personal conduct , which might otherwise be in danger of arising . I believe that many persons have expressed a wish that the regulations of this Society should be so far relaxed as to allow , in conformity with the practice of some other similar establishments , discussions upon the papers , and those papers only , which are read before us : I confess , for my own part , that I am not at present prepared to accede to this recommendation . A practice which has been sanctioned by the usage of more than a century and a half , and found to be productive of seientific results unrivalled for their extent and value , should not be abandoned by us without the most mature consideration ; and though I am the last person to recommend a slavish submission to the dictates or to the customs of antiquity , which may be unsuited either to the altered circumstances of modern times , or incapable of defence upon other and independent grounds , yet a reverence is justly due both to maxims and observances which have been sanctioned by high authorities , or connected with great and important public benefits . It may be quite true that such discussions would tend materially to increase the personal interest which is taken , by many of our members , in our proceedings ; but when we consider the abstract and abstruse nature of many of the papers which come before us , and which no single reading can make perfectly intelligible , even to the best-instructed hearer , as well as the vast variety of subjects which they comprehend , I think we may fairly infer that such discussions would rarely add much to the stock of facts or of reasonings which they contain , or that their influence would be materially felt in the publications of your Transactions , which have always formed , and which ought always to form , the great object of the foundation of this Society , and the only means by which its character and influence can continue to be maintained unimpaired throughout the civilized world . When we likewise take into further consideration the irregularities and personalities to which such debates would on some occasions give rise , unless very strictly limited and very authoritatively controlled , as well as the indirect influence which the premature expression of opinions upon the contents and merits of individual papers might exercise upon the decision of the Council in selecting them for publication , you will be disposed to agree with me , I trust , in thinking that such an experiment would be at least dangerous to the peace , as it very possibly might prove ultimately injurious to the seientific character , of the Royal Society . But let me not be misunderstood : the success that has attended this practice in the institution which has contributed so powerfully to the rapid advance of a highly popular science , might appear to offer a practical refutation of such grounds of alarm as those which I have ventured to suggest ? but the cases of the two Societies are extremely different . The science of geology is eminently a science of observation , where facts , collected from all quarters of the globe , and accurately recorded , possess a value which is in many cases independent of the theoretical inferences that may be deduced from them : it is a science which disdains not the aid of the humblest labourers who can widen the range of its observations ; it is a science also in which both facts and theories can be communicated more accurately and more rapidly by a graphic and vivid oral description , aided by an immediate reference to maps , drawings and specimens , than by the most elaborate and laborious written descriptions ; it is a science which can only be learnt by being seen , and which can only be seen through ten thousand eyes . In all these . and in many other important particulars , it differs from the majority of those sciences which most commonly come under the notice of the Royal Society ; and the many circumstances which not only justify , but in some degree render necessary , the discussions upon the papers read , or the facts communicated to the Geological Society , would almost entirely cease to apply if extended to us . And when we further consider the varied knowledge and accomplishments , the lively wit and rare eloquence of many of those distinguished men who usually take part in those debates , and who are themselves the highest authorities in the very science which on such occasions they are called upon to illustrate and to teach , we should be disposed rather to regard them as lectures delivered by great masters to pupils who come to learn , than as the discourses of philosophers , amongst each other , upon the more abstract and less attractive departments of human knowledge . And now , Gentlemen , before I conclude this portion of my address , there remains but one other point which I think it my duty to notice . A trust of great importance , imposed on the President of the Royal Society by the will of the last Earl of Bridgewater , the most onerous and responsible duties of which devolved upon my worthy friend and predecessor Mr. Davies Gilbert , is at length terminated , by the appearance , which has been long and anxiously expected , of the eighth Treatise of the series . It would ill become me to speak of the mode in which that important duty was discharged by him , or of the principles which guided himself and his distinguished assessors , in the selection either of subjects or of the authors ; but a list which is headed by the name of Whewell and closed by that of Buckland , can hardly be considered as an unworthy representation of the science and literature of this country . Amongst the losses sustained by the Society during the last year , will be found many names of persons distinguished for their services both in literature and in science ; and if we might be allowed to form a judgement from the very great proportion of these eminent men whose ages have approached the extreme limits of human life , we might conclude with great confidence that the most severe studies and the most trying climates , if pursued with temperance or guarded against with care , are not unfavourable either to health or longevity . The list which has been placed in my hands contains the names of twenty-one Fellows and two Foreign Members , and I greatly regret that the notice which I am enabled to take of some of the most 2l 4M distinguished of their number should be necessarily so slight and imperfect . Mr. Pond succeeded Dr. Maskelyne as Astronomer Royal in 1810 , and retired from that important situation , under the pressure of many infirmities , in the autumn of last year : he was formerly a member of Trinity College , Cambridge , where he was a pupil of Professor Lax , whose name appears also in the list of deaths which has been just read to you . After leaving the University , he travelled in many parts of the East , and particularly in Egypt , partly urged by the spirit of adventure which is natural to youth and partly with a view of making astronomical observations in climates more pure and more regular than our own . After his return home in 1800 , he settled at Westbury , in Somersetshire , and devoted himself , amidst other pursuits , chiefly to astronomy , making use of a circular instrument of 21/2 feet diameter , which had been constructed and divided by Troughton with more than ordinary care . With this instrument he observed by a peculiar method , the declinations of some of the principal fixed stars , which were communicated to the Royal Society in 1806 ; and it afterwards enabled him to establish the fact of a change of form in the great quadrants at Greenwich , a discovery of great importance , inasmuch as it not only led to the substitution of circular instruments for them in our national observatory , but subsequently likewise to his own appointment as Astronomer Royal . After Mr. Pond 's establishment at Greenwich , he communicated to the Royal Society from time to time , not merely the general results of his labours , but likewise his views of the theory of astronomical observations and of the grounds of judging of their relative accuracy : his system was to observe differences of declination and right ascension , making every star a point of departure for the rest , and considering the pole as a point in the heavens whose position was capable of a determination , equally , and not more accurate than that of any given star . To such a view of the theory of observation , circular instruments were particularly adapted , and there is no reason to doubt that the relative catalogues of the stars which were formed by Mr. Pond were more accurate and complete than those of any preceding or cotemporary observer . Such a result , however , might have been reasonably expected from the great powers and resources of the establishment over which he presided and which he had himself been the chief means of calling into action . The method which was adopted by Mr. Pond to determine the limits of the annual parallax of certain fixed stars by means of fixed telescopes of great focal length , was singularly ingenious and complete . The existence and amount of such a parallax had been asserted and assigned by Dr. Brinkley , in a Lyrae , a Aquilae , and a Cygni ; but this opinion , although most ingeniously and even obstinately vindicated and maintained by him , was , in the judgement of most other astronomers , most decisively negatived by Mr. Pond , who showed that the parallax of those fixed stars , supposing its amount to be sensible , was confined within the limits of the errors of the most delicate and perfect observations which have been hitherto made . There is no great question in astronomy , the present position and limits of which are more satisfactorily settled . Mr. Pond was remarkable for his skill and delicacy in the manipulation of his instruments , and no man was more capable of forming a correct judgement of their capacities and powers , and of the nature and extent of the errors to which they were liable : he was in the habit of placing great reliance on the results of a great number of observations , when no apparent or assignable cause existed for giving a determinate sign or character to the errors of individual observations : this confidence , however , was founded on his great knowledge of the theory of observation , and was fully justified by a comparison both of his own results with each other , and with those of other observers . Mr. Pond was a man of gentle and amiable character , and singularly candid and unprejudiced . His health for many years before his death was greatly deranged , but he continued to struggle against the progress of his infirmities , and , from a conscientious feeling , he never abandoned the active duties of superintending the observatory , though hardly able to sustain them . He died in August last , at Lee , in Kent , and was buried in the tomb of his great predecessor Halley . Mr. Pond , though a great practical astronomer and a man of uncommonly clear intellect and correct judgement , was deficient in one very considerable qualification for the station which he filled , ? I mean , an acquaintance with the higher branches of Analysis , and their application to Physical Astronomy . His successor , Gentlemen , is well known to you , and needs no eulogium of mine ; but I cannot omit the opportunity which is now offered to me of congratulating the friends of astronomy and of science on the appointment of a gentleman to this most important office , who is second to none in this country in his great attainments in almost every department of accurate science , in his indefatigable and systematic industry , in his high sense of public duty , and in his profound knowledge both of physical and of practical astronomy . The names which I shall next bring before your notice are those of three men , venerable alike for their great age and public services , and who must always be regarded as entitled to hold a distinguished place amongst that illustrious body of great men , who have been produced or brought forward by the important trusts , the varied employments , and , let me add likewise , the great rewards of our Indian empire ; I mean Sir Charles Wilkins , Mr. Marsden , and Captain Horsburgh . Sir Charles Wilkins went to India in 1770 , and was the first Englishman who thoroughly mastered the difficulties of the Sanscrit language , of the classical works in which he published several translations , and smoothed the obstacles to its attainment by a noble grammar , which he composed for the especial benefit of the students of the East India college at Hayleybury , of which he was the oriental visitor and examiner from the period of its first establishment . He formed with his own hand the matrices of the first Bengali and Persian types which were used in Bengal , and he was the chief agent , in conjunction with Sir Wiliiam Jones , in the esta2 l blishment of the Asiatic Society of Calcutta , whose labours have contributed so greatly to the advancement of our knowledge of the languages and general condition of the provinces of our Eastern empire . It is now more than fifty years since he returned to this country , in possession of a competent fortune and vigorous health , which he continued to enjoy , in conjunction with every social and domestic comfort , with hardly any interruption , to the day of his death . Sir Charles Wilkins was appointed , in 1800 , Librarian of the great collection of Oriental MSS . , which are preserved in the India House ; and this Society is indebted to him for the catalogue and description of the Sanscrit and other Oriental MSS . , which were presented to it by Sir William and Lady Jones . Sir Charles Wilkins was the father-in-law of Mr. Marsden , though nearly his cotemporary in age . They went to the East about the same time , and whilst one devoted himself to the study of the languages and literature of the ancient and modern inhabitants of continental India , the other availed himself of his position on the great island of Sumatra and the Malayan peninsula , to gain a thorough acquaintancewith the prescntconditionand past history of that active and adventurous race , whose character has been so deeply and so generally impressed upon the languages and customs of nearly all the tribes who inhabit the innumerable islands of the Indian Archipelago and of the Pacific Ocean . His account of Sumatra , which appeared soon after his return from the East , may be considered as a model for all monographs of the history , languages , customs , and statistics of a particular nation . He subsequently published a Malay dictionary of great authority and value ; and in many separate memoirs , one of which appeared the year before his death , he traced with great learning and research the general characters and analogies of the East Insular and Polynesian languages , and proposed an alphabet for their uniform and intelligible transcription . Mr. Marsden was the author of four papers in our Transactions on some remarkable natural phenomena in the island of Sumatra , on the Mahometan aera of the Hejira , and on the chronological periods of the Hindoos ; the two last of which show a very extensive acquaintance with Arabian and Hindoo literature . He published very elaborate catalogues of his fine collections of vocabularies and grammars , and also of his oriental coins ; the first of which he presented in his life-time to King 's College , London , and the second to the British Museum . Mr. Marsden returned to England from the East at an early age , and was Secretary to the Admiralty during the most eventful period of the late war . He continued to enjoy to an extreme old age , extraordinary vigour both of mind and body , equally respected and beloved for his great learning and very varied acquirements , for his independent and disinterested character , and for his many social and domestic virtues . Captain James Horsburgh entered the sea service of the East India Company at a very early age , and in a very humble capacity , and raised himself by his perseverance , good conduct , and strong natural talents to the command of a ship , in which he was employed , for a considerable time , in a hydrographical survey of many of the coasts and islands of the Indian and Chinese seas . It was soon after his return to Europe in 1805 , that he communicated to this Society , through Mr. Cavendish , his very remarkable observations of the equatropical motions of the mercury in the barometer when at sea ; and contributed along with Captain Flinders , both by these observations and by other directions which he subsequently published , to make more fully known the importance of barometrical observations at sea , as affording indications of great or sudden atmospheric changes . Captain Horsburgh was soon afterwards appointed Hydrographer to the East India Company , with the usual judgement , and discrimination of the Directors of that Body , in the selection and rewarding of their officers ; and it was in this capacity that he published not merely a great number of charts , but also " the East India Sailing Directory , " the result of the unremitting labour of many years , and founded partly upon his own observations , and partly upon a very accurate examination and reduction of the vast hydrographical records which are in the possession of the East India Company ; forming altogether one of the most valuable contributions that was ever made by the labours of one man to the interests of navigation . Captain Horsburgh was the author of other works connected with his favourite science , and he continued to devote himself , until within a few days of his death , with almost unexampled industry , to those pursuits which had formed , throughout his whole life , the means by which he sought to benefit his countrymen and mankind . Mr. William Blane was the author of a paper in our Transactions , written fifty years ago , on the production and preparation of Borax , which is brought from Jumlat in Thibet , over the Himalaya mountains into Hindostan . Dr. David Hosack , of New York , was the author of a paper in our Transactions , published in the year 1794 . It related to the explanation of the power which is possessed by the eye of adapting itself to different distances , which he attributed to the action of the external muscles of the eye , and not to the dilatation and contraction of the iris , nor to the muscularity of the crystalline lens , by which its convexity could be increased or diminished , a doctrine which had been promulgated in a paper by Dr. Thomas Young , in the preceding year . This subject is one of great interest , and has been very frequently agitated ; and though an illustrious foreigner , M. Arago , has recently defended the theory of Dr. Young with great ingenuity and warmth , yet physiologists and anatomists are by no means agreed on the adoption of this or any other single explanation . Mr. John Bell was Senior Wrangler at Cambridge in 1786 , and a Fellow of Trinity College . Though labouring under physical disadvantages of no ordinary kind , and such as were apparently the most adverse to success in the public exercise of his profession as a lawyer , yet he conquered every difficulty and reached the highest eminence by his great acuteness and strength of mind , his extensive legal knowledge , and , not a little , likewise , by his study integrity and love of truth , which he respected , ? a rare virtue ? , even in advocating the claims of a client . Mr. Bell , with an uncommon exercise of philosophy , retired from the active duties of his profession , whilst in the receipt of a splendid income from it , on the first warnings of the approaches of the infirmities of old age . He was a man of great liberality and kindness of heart , and remarkable for the steadiness of his attachment to a large circle of professional and other friends . The Rev. William Lax , formerly Fellow of Trinity College , and Lowndes 's Professor of Astronomy and Geometry in the University of Cambridge , was Senior Wrangler in the year preceding Mr. Bell , and throughout life one of his most intimate friends : he contributed two papers to our Transactions ; one in 1796 , on a subject of no great importance , and the other in 1809 , on the method of examining the divisions of astronomical instruments , in the same volume which contained papers on similar subjects by Mr. Cavendish and Mr. Troughton . The method proposed by Mr. Lax , though very ingenious , requires great labour and time , and is inferior in accuracy and efficiency to that which was adopted by Mr. Troughton for tabulating the errors of the primary divisions of circular instruments . Professor Lax was the author of Tables to be used with the Nautical Almanack , and he had built a small observatory at his residence in Hertfordshire , where he occupied himself for the last thirty years of his life with studies and pursuits connected with the advancement of astronomy . Sir John Sinclair devoted nearly the whole of a very long and laborious life to pursuits and inquiries connected with the improvement of agriculture and the general benefit of his country men . Fle was a very voluminous author ; and though different opinions may be entertained of the merit and usefulness of some of his later productions , the Statistical Account of Scotland which he originated , and arranged , will be a durable monument to his memory , presenting as it does a more complete and comprehensive record of the state of that kingdom at the period when it was compiled , than is to be found in the literature of any other country . Dr. John Gillies , venerable alike for his great age and his amiable character , was the successor of Dr. Robertson , as the king 's historiographer for Scotland : he was the author of a History of Greece and of the World from the conquests of Alexander to the age of Augustus , and he translated some of the Greek orators , the ethical , political and rhetorical treatises of Aristotle , upon whose speculative works generally he wrote a very enlarged commentary . He was a pleasing and popular writer , though not very profoundly acquainted with the great advances which have been made of late years in Germany and elsewhere in our knowledge of archaeology and historical criticism . Sir Wiliiam Gell was well known as a topographical antiquary , and published works of great interest and research , some of them very splendidly embellished , on Pompeii , and on the modern , as illustrating the ancient topography of Troy , Ithaca , the Peloponnesus , Attica and Rome . He was a very accomplished artist and a man of great liveliness of conversation , and of very attractive manners . Sir William Gell was formerly Fellow of Emanuel College , Cambridge , and was attached , for some time , in the quality of Vicechamberlain , to the late Queen Caroline . He spent the later years of his life , a victim to the gout and other infirmities , at Naples , in the neighbourhood of those remarkable ruins which he had so carefully and so beautifully illustrated , and which continued to supply him , from day to day , with fresh objects of interesting inquiry . Dr. Warren , though one of the most distinguished physicians in this metropolis , contributed very little , by his writings , to medical or general literature : he was considered to be an accomplished classical scholar , and a man of very extensive acquirements : he was a strenuous vindicator of the character and independence of his profession , and though his manners were somewhat abrupt , and sometimes apparently uncourteous , yet he was a man of very warm affections , and greatly beloved and respected by a large body of friends . Those to whom Dr. William Elford Leach was known in his happier days , when in the full enjoyment of health and reason , can best appreciate the great loss which the natural sciences and our national museum sustained by that melancholy visitation , which , like the hand of death , terminated his scientific labours . His enthusiastic devotion to his favourite studies , his great knowledge of details , combined with no inconsiderable talents for classification , were eminently calculated to raise him to the very highest eminence as an original and philosophical naturalist . Though his career of research and discovery was prematurely cut short , yet we are chiefly indebted to him for the first introduction into this country of the natural system of arrangement in conchology and entomology , and for the adoption of those more general and philosophical views of those sciences which originated with Latreille and Cuvier . Dr. Leach was the author of a paper in our Transactions on the genus Ocythoe , to prove that it is a parasitical inhabitant of the Argonaut . Ile wrote several memoirs in the Linnaean Transactions ; an excellent treatise on British Malacostraca : and he also contributed largely to the Zoological Miscellany , to Brewster 's Encyclopaedia and to the French Dictionnaire des Sciences Naturelles . He died of an attack of cholera on the 25th of August last , at the Palazzo St. Sebastiano , in the province of Tortona in Italy . The last name which occurs in the melancholy list of our departed compatriot associates , is that of Dr. William Henry , to whom the science of chemistry generally , and of gaseous chemistry in particular , is under great obligations . He was the author of nine papers in our Transactions , many of them of great merit ; and his System of Chemistry is one of the best written and best arranged compendiums of that important and extensive science , which has been published of late years , whether in our own language or in any other . The Memoirs of the Manchester Society are chiefly indebted to him , in conjunction with Dr. Dalton , for the high character which they have so long maintained . Dr. Henry , like Dr. Wollaston , made the results of science , obtained by the most original and difficult researches , the foundation of a splendid fortune , and few persons have contributed more effectually , by their discoveries and exertions to the promotion of those arts and manufactures which form the foundation of the prosperity of a great commercial nation . The names of the Foreign members whom the Society has lost during the last year are , Andre Marie Ampere and AntoineLaurent de Jussieu , both of them members of the Academie des Sciences de France . Mons . Ampere was born at Lyons in 1775 , and made his first appearance in the scientific world in a short work which showed considerable command of analysis , entitled Considerations sur la Theorie Mathematique du Jeu , in which the question of the safety of habitual and indefinite play , either against a single person of greater fortune , or indifferently against any number of persons , even when the game is perfectly fair and equal , is discussed and solved , and its result exhibited in a form full of warning to those by whom gaming is pursued as an occupation , in which success or failure is considered as the gift of fortune , and not the inevitable result of calculation , M. Ampere was subsequently appointed Professor of the Polytechnic School , and published memoirs on the integration of partial differential equations , and on other subjects , which show a profound knowledge of some of the most refined and difficult artifices of analysis : to him likewise we are indebted for memoirs on the Mathematical Theories of Electro-magnetic Currents , which are remarkable for the skill and ingenuity with which the powers of analysis are brought to bear on subjects apparently the most remote from their operation . His inquiry into the equation of Fresnel 's wave surface is more remarkable as an example of resolute perseverance than of success , and his last work , on the Philosophy of the Sciences , showed him to be much less happy in his metaphysical , than in his physical and analytical speculations . M. Ampere was a man of great simplicity of character , and his extraordinary fits of absence of mind were not unfrequently made the subject of much innocent amusement . He took no part in the cabals and jealousies which too frequently disturb the peace of the world of science , and he was universally respected and beloved for his great integrity and the kindness of his affections . Antoine-Laurent de Jussieu , a name singularly illustrious in the annals of botanical science , was born at Lyons in 1748 . He was nephew to the great Bernard de Jussieu , under whose auspices he was first introduced into the scientific world of Paris , and appointed , at a very early age , dcnionstrator of botany in the Jardin du Roi . After this appointment , though originally destined for the profession of medicine , he devoted himself almost exclusively to the study of botany , more especially with a view to the establishment and developement of the natural system of arrangement , a very bold and successful approximation to which had been effected by his uncle in the distribution of the plants in the Garden of the Trianon.* He succeeded his uncle as administrator of the Jardin desPlantcs in 1779 ? and published two memoirs of great originality and importance on the relative value of characters in the distinction of the genera and orders of plants . In the year 1789 he published his great and truly classical work entitled Genera Plantarum secundum Ordines naturales disposita , which caused a total revolution in the science of botany . To the modification and extension of the views contained in that work , rendered necessary by new observations and by the vast accession of new genera and orders , brought from the tropics , South America , Australia , and elsewhere , he devoted the remainder of his life . His later memoirs , many of which are of great value , are chiefly contained in the Annales , and subsequently in the Memoires du Museum d'Histoire Naturelle . M. de Jussieu was a man of very simple manners and amiable character , of a social and affectionate temper , and a perfect stranger to seientific jealousies and intrigues . He attained to an extreme old age , and had the happiness of witnessing the almost universal adoption of that system of botanical arrangement , the establishment of which had formed the great object of the labours of his life . 
November 30 , 1888 . Francis Baily , Esq . , V.P. and Treasurer , in the Chair . At the Anniversary Meeting of the Royal Society , Mr. Galloway , one of the Auditors of the Treasurer 's accounts on the part of the Society , reported that the balance in the hands of the Treasurer was 1463/ . 145 . 5d . The thanks of the Society were voted to the Treasurer for his past services , and to the Auditors for their trouble in auditing his accounts . The following list of Fellows deceased , and also of Fellows admitted since the last Anniversary , was read : Deceased since printing the List , November 1837 . Battine , William , LL . D. Camac , William . Carrington , Lord . Carstairs , John . Catton , Rev. Thomas . Colebrooke , Sir James Edward , Bart . Collingwood , G. L. N. , Esq . Cooke , John , M.D. Earle , Henry . Eldon , Earl of . Elford , Sir William . Farnborough , Charles , Lord . Hall , Sir John , Bart . Hoare , Sir Richard C , Bart . Holford , Robert . Hume , Sir Abraham , Bart . Knight , Thomas A. , Esq . Maccaulay , Zachary , Esq . Morris , George P. , M.D. Nicholl , Rt . Hon. Sir John . Selsey , Henry J. , Lord . Taunton , Richard , M.D. Thomson , Sir John D. Tomline , William Edward , Esq . Vay de Vaja , Baron Nicholas . Williams , John L. , Esq . Woolmore , Sir John . Foreign Members . Bowditch , Dr. N. Cuvier , F. Dulong , P. L. Marum , M. van . New Members . Arnott , Neill , M.D. Bateman , James , Esq . Briggs , General John . Burnet , Rev. Thomas , D.D. Carnac , Sir James R. Cureton , Rev. William , M.A. Denison , William Thomas , Esq . , Lt. R.E. Donkin , Bryan , Esq . Eastlake , Charles Lock , Esq . Glynn , Jos . , Esq . Hansler , Sir John . Hardwick , John , Esq . Hymers , Rev. John . Jervis , Major Thomas Best . Johnson , Rev. George Henry S. Johnston , John F. W. , Esq . Locke , Jos . , Esq . Macneill , John , Esq . MacGillivray , Simon , Esq . Merewether , Rev. John . Miller , William Hallows , Esq . Outram , Benjamin F. , M.D. Pereira , Jonathan , Esq . Porter , George Richardson , Esq . Reade , Rev. Jos . B. , M.A. Stirling , Edward Hamilton , Esq . Todd , Robert B. , M.D. Tuson , Edward William , Esq . Tweedie , Alexander , M.D. Twiss , Travers , Esq . Tuscany , Grand Duke of . Wilson , Alexander , Esq . S6 Re-elected . Hay , Colonel Andrew Leith . | Lowe , George , Esq . It was stated that the report of the death of R. Z. Mudge , Capt. R.E. , noticed at the last Anniversary , has been since found to be erroneous . The following Address of His Royal Highness the President was read from the Chair : Gentlemen , I cannot quit the Chair of the Royal Society , which I have now occupied during a period of eight years , without availing myself of the opportunity which the customary proceedings of the Anniversary afford me , of expressing to you the grateful sense I entertain of the great honour conferred upon me , by being chosen to fill so distinguished an office , as likewise of the uniform kindness and support which I have always received from the Members of the Council and the Fellows of the Society generally , in the discharge of its various and important duties . A review of my conduct during the period of my Presidency , recalls to my mind many occasions in which I am sensible that I have been more or less wanting in the very responsible trust confided to me , of watching over the interests of a Society most justly illustrious by the succession of great men who have been connected with it and by the great advances which nearly every department of science has received from those portions of their labours which are recorded in its Transactions ; for some of these deficiencies I am unfortunately enabled to refer to the severe and long continued visitations of disease and infirmity under which I have laboured , as a very sufficient apology ; and I feel less oppressed than I otherwise should have been , by my consciousness of many others , by my knowledge of the activity and zeal of the very able and efficient officers upon whom the temporary discharge of my duties devolved , and from the assurance which I felt , that the interests of the Society , when entrusted to their care , would suffer no detriment by my absence . Though justly proud of the distinction of presiding over the Royal Society , and most anxious to promote , to the utmost of my power , the great objects for which it was founded , I no sooner ascertained that circumstances would probably , for a time , interfere with my residence in London , during a considerable part of its Annual Session , and prevent my receiving its Members in a manner compatible with my rank and position in this country , than I determined to retire from an office whose duties I could no longer flatter myself as likely to be able to discharge in a manner answerable to their expectations , or in accordance with my own feelings . Having come to this conclusion after the most anxious and painful consideration , I deemed it due to the Members of the Council , in the first instance , and next to the Fellows , to make it speedily and generally known , with the view of enabling them to look out for a proper person to fill a situation of such dignity in the scientific world , and whose occupation could not fail to be an object of honourable ambition to men of the most eminent social rank , as well as of the most distinguished scientific attainments . I will not attempt to disguise from you , Gentlemen , the feelings of deep and poignant regret I experienced upon taking a step that would thus necessarily abridge the opportunities , which I had as much enjoyed as I had highly prized , of being brought officially into frequent and familiar contact with the most distinguished philosophers of my own or other countries , and of employing whatever influence my station in society enabled me to exert in advocating the just claims and interests of men of science , in promoting the objects of their labours , in fostering and encouraging their mutual co-operation and intercourse , and in endeavouring to soothe the violence of personal or national jealousies , whenever they unfortunately existed , by bringing them together in social or other meetings where the discussion of topics of irritation could be either suppressed or controlled , and where imaginary prejudices would disappear under the softening operation of reciprocal knowledge and experience . But though deprived for a season , by my retirement , of some of the highest privileges I have hitherto exercised and enjoyed , yet I do not abandon the hope of being still able to maintain and cultivate the very valuable and delightful friendships which I have thus fortunately for myself been enabled to form during the period of my connection with you , by seizing every occasion when presented to me , of appearing at the meetings of the Royal Society , and by co-operating with its members , to the utmost extent of my limited means , in furthering those objects that may be considered to be most important for the advancement of the interests of science . I am afraid however , Gentlemen , that I have already trespassed unreasonably upon your time and attention in endeavouring to explain to you the motives of my conduct , and to express , though most inadequately , my grateful sense of the kindness which I have invariably experienced from you . I shall therefore now proceed to the more immediate subject of this Address , which is to notice some of the most important Proceedings of the Society which have taken place during the last year . The Address voted to Her Majesty by the President and Council of the Royal Society , on the Queen 's accession to the throne , embodying likewise a petition to Her Majesty to become the Patron of the Society , and to continue to it the Grant of the Medals which had been instituted by King George the Fourth and regranted by William the Fourth , as well as the gracious reply of the Sovereign , transmitted through the Secretary of State for the Home Department , have been already communicated to you at one of the weekly meetings of the Society* . On the 20th of June last , the President and Council were summoned to attend at the Palace of St. James 's to witness Her Majesty 's signature in our Charter-Book as Patron of the Society . I availed myself of the occasion thus presented to me to address the Queen in your name , and to assure Her Majesty that we felt bound by the obligations of our Charter , as well as by the recollection of our foundation , to look up to the Sovereign of these realms as our Patron and protector : that we most gratefully acknowledged the assurances which Her Majesty had conveyed to us through Her minister the Secretary of State for the Home Department , of the continuance of the same support and favour as had been always accorded to us by the Sovereigns of this Kingdom , and likewise the signification of Her Majesty 's intention of renewing the grant of the two Medals which had been instituted by one and confirmed by another of Her Majesty 's royal uncles and predecessors , accompanied by Her gracious permission to propose such modification and amendments in the statutes which had been provided for their distribution , as would tend most effectually to promote the advancement of science , and would most certainly accomplish the liberal and patriotic views and intentions of their Royal Founders . I further ventured to advert to the close connection which exists between the cultivation of Science and the Arts , and the progress and developement of the great elements of the prosperity and happiness of nations , and to express my earnest hope and prayer that the triumphs of the arts of peace and commerce , which had so signally marked the beginning of Her Majesty 's reign , might be continued without intermission to its distant conclusion . The Queen having received the Address in the most gracious manner , was pleased to sign her august and royal name in our Charter-Book as Patron of the Royal Society : after which the officers and different members of the Council were presented by me to Her Majesty , and had the honour of kissing Her Majesty 's hand . The alterations in the laws for the distribution of the Royal Medals , which Her Majesty was graciously pleased to authorize and permit , have been made by a Committee of the Council appointed for that purpose , and have since received the especial sanction and approbation of Her Majesty . They are directed to be given hereafter to such papers , and to such papers only , as have been presented to the Society , or inserted in its Transactions , within three years of the date of the award ; and they are to be awarded to departments of science whose order of succession is defined by a cycle of three years , comprising in the first Astronomy and Physiology , in the second Physics and Geology , and in the third Mathematics and Chemistry . And it is further added and commanded , that no departure from this order of succession shall be allowed , unless it shall appear that no memoir of sufficient merit to be entitled to such an honour shall have been presented to the Society within the period afore-named ; in which case , and in which case only , it shall be competent for the Council , with the approbation of Her Majesty , to award the Medal to one of those branches of science which are comprehended in the cycle of the preceding year . I trust , Gentlemen , that these laws for the distribution of the Royal Medals , if strictly adhered to , and judiciously administered , will be found to stimulate the exertions of men of science , by securing to their labours , when inserted in our Transactions , that certain and periodical revision which they are naturally so anxious to obtain ; and by signalizing any remarkable investigation , or notable discovery , by the marked and prompt approbation of those persons in this country who are most likely to be able to judge of its value . It was partly for the furtherance of the same great object , which was proposed in framing the statutes for the award of the Royal Medals , so as to secure to each branch of science in succession its due amount of notice and encouragement , that the Council have determined to establish permanent Committees of Science . ' They are composed of a selection of those Fellows of the Society who are known to have devoted their attention , in a more especial manner , to those departments of science to which they are severally assigned , and to whom all questions connected with such branches are proposed to be referred , including the selection of the memoirs to which the Royal Medals shall be given . The Council have thought proper , likewise , in the formation of these committees , to enlarge the number of the sciences , which form the Medallic cycle above referred to , from six to eight , by separating the science of Meteorology from that of Physics , and the science of Botany and the laws of Vegetable Organization and Life , from that of Zoology and Animal Physiology . I sincerely rejoice , Gentlemen , in the adoption of this arrangement , as I think it admirably calculated to give a more marked and specific distinction to those sciences which the Fellows of the Royal Society are bound more especially , by the obligations of the Charter , to cultivate , and as tending , likewise , to bring those persons who are engaged in common pursuits into more frequent intercourse with each other ; and thus to afford them increased opportunities of appreciating their mutual labours , of devising new and important trains of investigation , as well as of securing public aid and general co-operation in the accomplishment of objects which are too costly or too vast for individuals to undertake or to attempt . The future developement of many of the sciences is becoming daily more and more dependent upon co-operative labour . We are rapidly approaching great and comprehensive generalizations , which can only be completely established or disproved by very widely distributed and , in many cases , by absolutely simultaneous observations . Major Sabine has lately collected with great labour , and reduced and analysed with great ability , a vast mass of observations relating to the distribution of the earth 's magnetism ; and the result has pointed out not merely the proper fields of our future researches , but likewise their great extent and the enormous amount of labour still required for their cultivation . A society on the continent , headed by the justly celebrated Gauss , to whom the Copley Medal has been this year adjudged for his magnetical researches , my cotemporary and fellow student at Gottingen , has instituted a system of simultaneous observations on the periodical and irregular movements of the magnetic needle at various stations in different parts of Europe , which suggest conclusions of the most surprising and interesting nature ; these can only be fully worked out and confirmed by the adoption of a similar system of observations in places extremely remote from each other on the surface of the globe . The researches on the tides , which have been so laboriously and so successfully prosecuted by Professor Whewell and Mr. Lubbock , have led , and can lead to few general and certain conclusions without the aid of labours of this nature ; and a memorable exemplification of their value , even when given in their rudest and least perfect form* , is presented in the discovery of the " Law of Storms , " which Col. Reid has recently published , and which promises results so important to the interests of navigation and the cause of humanity . In the science of Meteorology , which still remains destitute even of approximations to general laws , it is to a well-organized system of simultaneous observations that we must look for the acquisition of such a knowledge of the range and character of atmospheric influences and changes , as may become the basis of a well-compacted and consistent theory , and rescue this science from the reproach , under which it has too long and too justly laboured , of presenting little more than a confused mass of almost entirely insulated results . Undertakings , however , of this extensive and laborious nature are far beyond the reach of individual enterprize , and can only be accomplished by national aid and co-operation . We have lately witnessed an example where the Storthing , or National Assembly of Norway , a body composed partly of peasants , and representing one of the poorest countries in Europe , undertook the charge of a magnetical expedition to Siberia , on the recommendation and under the direction of their distinguished countryman , M. Hansteen , at the same time that they refused a grant of money to aid in building a palace for their sovereign ; and I feel confident that the united wishes of men of science in this and other countries , whose influence on public opinion is becoming daily more and more manifest , particularly when expressed in favour of purely scientific objects which cannot be effected without the assistance and the resources of the nation , will not be without their effect on the Government of our own country , which has always taken the lead in the promotion of geographical as well as seientific investigations and discoveries , and which possesses , beyond any other nation , advantages for their prosecution and accomplishment , not merely from its superior wealth , but from the range and distribution of its commerce and its colonies in every region of the globe . There is one other event to which I wish to advert previously to concluding this portion of my address to you , and which I conceive I may do with the strictest propriety , as it is closely connected with the general interests of the Royal Society . I allude to the return of Sir John Herschel to this country , after an absence of several years , devoted , from a sense of filial duty , to the completion of that great task which he felt to have been transmitted to him as an inheritance from his venerable and illustrious father . I have so often had occasion to allude , from this Chair , to the merits of that distinguished person , and to express the respect which I felt for his great attaiuments , the pride with which I cherished his friendship , the deep interest which I took in his labours , and my admiration of the truly modest and philosophical spirit in which they were conducted , that I should be guilty of a very superfluous repetition of what I have before addressed to you , if I ventured to enlarge upon them now ; but I should ill discharge my duty , whilst still entitled to address you as the official head of the scientific establishment of this country , if I omitted to avail myself of this or any other opportunity of expressing the gratification which I experienced in June last , when called upon to preside at that great convention of the most eminent men who adorn our country , who combined together with such singular unanimity and enthusiasm to pay their homage to science and knowledge , and those great interests with which their cultivation and progress are connected , by paying so signal a tribute of respect and honour to the most accomplished and the most devoted of our living philosophers . I feel assured , Gentlemen , that the proceedings of that memorable day will produce marked and durable effects upon the scientific prospects of our country , by proving that pre-eminent merit will meet with sympathy at least , if not with reward , and as offering sure and unequivocal indications both of the power and direction of public opinion amongst the most cultivated and enlightened classes of society ; and it was chiefly as an expression of the deference paid by the government of this country to the opinions and wishes of the scientific world , that 1 rejoiced in being authorized and requested by the prime minister of the crown to offer to Sir John Herschel the rank of baronet , on the occasion of the coronation of Her Majesty , though well convinced that such an accession of social rank was not required to give dignity to one whose name is written in the imperishable records of the great system of the universe . It would ill become me , while gratefully acknowledging my sense of your past kindnesses towards myself , to venture to refer to the name of my presumed successor in the Chair of this Society in any terms which might be interpreted as an undue anticipation of the result of this day 's proceedings , or as appearing to interfere with the free use of the franchise which every Fellow possesses , and is expected and required to exercise ; but I cannot be ignorant of the various accomplishments , the courteous and unassuming manners , the warmth of heart and active benevolence which distinguish the nobleman who has been nominated by the Council : and I rejoice most sincerely that the Society possesses amongst its members , as a candidate for your suffrages , one so well qualified to preside at your meetings , and to watch over your interests . Amongst the deceased members , I find twenty-seven on the Home , and four on the Foreign list , including some very considerable names . I shall now proceed to notice such of their number as have been most distinguished for their seientific labours , for their public services , or for their encouragement and patronage of science and the arts . Thomas Andrew Knight , of Downton Castle , Herefordshire , the President of the Horticultural Society of London , to the establishment and success of which he so greatly contributed , was born in the year 1758 . He was educated at Ludlow school , and afterwards became a member of Balliol College , Oxford . From his earliest years he appears to have shown a predominant taste for experimental researches in gardening and vegetable physiology , which the immediate and uncontrolled possession of an ample fortune gave him every opportunity of indulging ; proposing to himself in fact , as one of the great objects of his life , to effect improvements in the productions of the vegetable kingdom , by new modes of culture , by the impregnation of different varieties of the same species , and various other expedients , commensurate with those which had already been effected by agriculturists and others in the animal kingdom , by a careful selection of parents , by judicious crossing , and by the avoidance of too close an alliance of breeds . In the year 1795 he contributed to our Transactions his first , and perhaps his most important paper , on the transmission of the diseases of decay and old age of the parent-tree to all its descendants propagated by grafting or layers , being the result of experiments which had already been long continued and very extensively varied , and which developed views of the greatest importance and novelty in the economy of practical gardening , and likewise of very great interest in vegetable physiology . This paper was succeeded by more than twenty others , chiefly written between the years 1799 and 1812 , containing the details of his most ingenious and original experimental researches on the ascent and descent of the sap in trees ; on the origin and offices of the alburnum and bark ; on the phenomena of germination ; on the functions of leaves ; on the influence of light , and upon many other subjects , constituting a series of facts and of deductions from them , which have exercised the most marked influence upon the progress of our knowledge of this most important department of the laws of vegetable organization and life . Mr. Knight succeeded Sir Joseph Banks in the presidency of the Horticultural Society , and contributed no fewer than 114 papers to the different volumes of its Transactions : these contributions embrace almost every variety of subject connected with Horticulture ; such as the production of new and improved varieties of fruits and vegetables ; the adoption of new modes of grafting , planting , and training fruit-trees ; the construction of forcing-frames and hot-houses ; the economy of bees , and many other questions of practical gardening , presenting the most important results of his very numerous and well-devised experiments . Mr. Knight was a person of great activity of body and mind . and of singular perseverance and energy in the pursuit of his favourite science : he was a very lucid and agreeable writer , and it would be difficult to name any other cotemporary author in this or other countries who has made such important additions to our knowledge of horticulture and the economy of vegetation . Sir Richard Colt Hoare , the owner of the beautiful domain of Stourhead in Wiltshire , was the author of many valuable historical and topographical works , and more especially of the history of his native county , presenting so numerous and such splendid funereal and other monuments of the primitive inhabitants of Great Britain , which he investigated with a perseverance and success unrivalled by any other antiquary . The early possession of an ample fortune and of all the luxuries of his noble residence , seem to have stimulated , rather than checked , the more ardent pursuit of those favourite studies , which occupied his almost exclusive attention for more than fifty years of his life : and he was at all times , both by his co-operation and patronage , ready to aid other labourers in the same field which he had himself cultivated with so much success and industry . Sir Richard Hoare was avery voluminous original author , and on a great variety of subjects ; he printed a catalogue of his unique collection of books relating to the history and topography of Italy , the whole of which he presented to the British Museum , to which he was , on other occasions , a liberal benefactor . He likewise published editions of many of our ancient chronicles ; and it is only to be lamented that one who has contributed under so many forms to our knowledge of antiquity , and who presents so many claims to the grateful commemoration of the friends of literature and the arts , should have been influenced so much , and so frequently , by the very unhappy ambition , of which some well-known and distinguished literary bodies of our own time have set so unworthy an example , of giving an artificial value to their publications , by the extreme smallness of the number of copies which they allow to be printed or circulated ; thus defeating the very objects of that great invention , whose triumphs were pretended to be the very groundwork of their association . Mr. George Hibbert was one of the most distinguished of those princely merchants whose knowledge of literature , patronage of the arts , and extensive intercourse with the world have contributed so much , in a great commercial country like our own , to elevate the rank and character of the class to which they belong , and to give to the pursuits of wealth an enlarged and liberalizing spirit . Mr. Hibbert possessed , during the most active period of his life , an uncommon influence amongst the great commercial bodies of the metropolis , and more particularly amongst those connected with the West India trade , from his integrity and high character , his great knowledge of business , his excellent sense and judgement , and his clearness and readiness in public speaking . He was an excellent botanist , and the collection of plants which he had formed at his residence at Clapham , was remarkable not merely for its great extent , but likewise for the great number of extremely rare plants which it contained . He was well known also as a very extensive and judicious collector of books , prints , drawings and paintings , and was endeared to a large circle of private friends , amongst the most cultivated classes of society in this country , by his refined yet simple manners , his happy temper , and his many social and domestic virtues . Sir Abraham Hume , who had attained at the time of his death the venerable age of ninety years , was the father of the Royal Society ; he was a man of cultivated taste and very extensive acquirements , and throughout his life a liberal patron and encourager of the fine arts . Lord Farnborough was the son-in-law of Sir Abraham Hume , whom he greatly resembled in his tastes and accomplishments ; for more than thirty years of his life he held various public situations in the successive administrations of this country , but quitted his official employments on his elevation to the peerage in 1826 : from that period he devoted himself almost entirely to the improvement and decoration of his beautiful residence at Bromley Hill ; to the proposal and promotion of plans for the architectural improvement of the metropolis ; to the selection of pictures for the National Gallery , which he greatly enriched by his bequests ; and to the various duties imposed upon him by his official connexion with the British Museum , and many other public institutions . The Earl of Eldon , though possessing few relations with science or literature , presents too remarkable an example of the openings afforded by the institutions of this country to men of great and commanding talents for the attainment of the highest rank and wealth , to be passed over without notice in this obituary of our deceased Fellows . Lord Eldon was matriculated as a member of University College , Oxford , under the tuition of his brother , afterwards Lord Stowell , in 1766 ; and an academical prize which he gained in the following year , for an " Essay on the Advantages of Foreign Travel , " gave the first evidence of his possession of those great powers of minute analysis and careful research , which made him afterwards so celebrated . His early marriage terminated somewhat prematurely his academical prospects , and forced him to adopt the profession of the law , after narrowly escaping other occupations of a much more humble character . He was compelled to struggle for several years of his life with poverty and discouragement , when a fortunate opportunity enabled him to give proof of his extraordinary attainments , and rapidly conducted him to the command of wealth and professional eminence . After filling with great distinction the offices of Solicitor and Attorney-General , he became Chief-Justice of the Common Pleas and a peer in 1799 , and finally Lord Chancellor of England in 1801 , a situation which he continued to hold , with a short interruption , for nearly a quarter of a century . Of his political character and conduct it becomes not me to speak ; but his profound knowledge of the laws of England , his unrivalled acuteness and sagacity , and his perfect impartiality and love of justice , have received the concurrent acknowledgment and admiration of men of all parties . The Rev. Thomas Catton , Senior Fellow of St. John 's College , Cambridge , was in early life a schoolfellow of Lord Nelson , of whose talents or character , however , he retained no very vivid impressions : he became a Member of the University in 1777 , and when he took his degree in 1781 he was fourth Wrangler and first Smith 's Prizeman , a discrepancy in the results of two similar examinations , which is said to have led to the adoption of some regulations preventing their recurrence in future . In the year 1800 he became one of the public tutors of his college , in conjunction with its present venerable and distinguished master , and secured , in a very uncommon degree , the respect and love of his pupils , by his skill and knowledge as a teacher , and by his kind and vigilant attention to their interests : he quitted the tuition in 1810 , and for the remainder of his life he devoted himself , almost exclusively , to the cultivation of practical and theoretical astronomy , having succeeded to Mr. Ludlam in the management of the observatory which is placed over one of the interior gateways of the college . He possessed a most accurate knowledge of the theory and use of astronomical instruments , and was a most scrupulous and skilful observer ; and he is known to have left behind a very large mass of observations , particularly of occultations , most carefully detailed and recorded . Mr. Catton was a man of very courteous manners and most amiable character , and possessed of a very extensive acquaintance both with literature and science . He died in the month of January last , in the eightieth year of his age , deeply regretted by the members of the college in which he had passed the greatest part of his life . Mr. Henry Earle , one of the Senior Surgeons of St. Bartholomew 's Hospital , was the son of one very eminent surgeon , Sir James Earle , and the grandson of another , Mr. Percival Pott . He was the author of many valuable articles in different medical journals , and likewise of two papers in our Transactions ; one detailing the result of a very novel and difficult surgical operation , and the other on the mechanism of the spine , which were published in 1822 and 1823 . Mr. Earle was considered to be one of the most skilful and scientific surgeons of his age , and was justly esteemed by his professional and other friends not merely for his great acquirements , but for his kindness of heart and upright and honourable character . John Lloyd Williams , formerly British resident at Benares , was the author of three short papers in our Transactions in the year 1793 ; two of them upon the method of making ice at Benares , by means of extremely porous and shallow evaporating pans of unglazed earthenware , placed upon dry straw or sugar-cane ; and the last furnishing additional descriptions of the great quadrants and gnomon in the observatory at Benares , which had been described in a paper in our Transactions in 1777 by Sir Robert Barker . The Foreign Members whom the Society has lost during the last year , are Dr. Nathaniel Bowditch , of Boston , in America ; Messieurs Dulong and Frederic Cuvier , of Paris ; and Dr. Martin van Marum , of Haarlem . Dr. Nathaniel Bowditch of Boston , in the State of Massachusetts in America , was born at Salem , in the same State , in 1773 : he was removed from school at the age of ten years to assist his father in his trade as a cooper , and was indebted for all his subsequent acquisitions , including the Latin and some modern languages and a profound knowledge of mathematics and astronomy , entirely to his own exertions unaided by any instruction whatever . He became afterwards a clerk to a ship-chandler , where his taste for astronomy first showed itself , and was sufficiently advanced to enable him to master the rules for the calculation of a lunar eclipse ; and his subsequent occupation as supercargo in a merchant vessel sailing from Salem to the East Indies , led naturally to the further developement of his early tastes , by the active and assiduous study of those departments of that great and comprehensive science which are most immediately subservient to the purposes of navigation . It was owing to the reputation which he had thus acquired for his great knowledge of nautical astronomy , that he was employed by the booksellers to revise several successive editions of Hamilton Moore 's Practical Navigator , which he afterwards replaced by an original work on the same subject , remarkable for the clearness and conciseness of its rules , for its numerous and comprehensive tables , the greatest part of which he had himself recalculated and reframed , and for its perfectly practical character as a manual of navigation : this work , which has been republished in this country , has been for many years almost exclusively used in the United States of America . Dr. Bowditch having been early elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences at Boston , commenced the publication of a series of communications in the Memoirs of that Society , which speedily established his reputation as one of the first astronomers and mathematicians of America , and attracted likewise the favourable notice of men of science in Europe . During the last twenty years of his life , Dr. Bowditch was employed as the acting president of an Insurance Company at Salem , and latterly also as actuary of the Massachusetts Hospital Life Insurance Company at Boston : the income which he derived from these employments , and from the savings of former years , enabled him to abandon all other and more absorbing engagements , and to devote his leisure hours entirely to scientific pursuits . In 1815 he began his great work , the translation of the Mecanique Celeste of Laplace , the fourth and last volume of which was not quite completed at the time of his death . The American Academy over which he presided for many years , at a very early period of the progress of this very extensive and costly undertaking , very liberally offered to defray the expense of printing it ; but he preferred to publish it from his own very limited means , and to dedicate it as a splendid and durable monument of his own labours and of the state of science in his country . He died in March last , in the sixty-fifth year of his age , after a life of singular usefulness and most laborious exertion , in the full enjoyment of every honour which his grateful countrymen in every part of America could pay to so distinguished a fellow-citizen . Dr. Bowditch 's translation of the great work of Laplace is a production of much labour and of no ordinary merit : every person who is acquainted with the original must be aware of the great number of steps in the demonstrations which are left unsupplied , in many cases comprehending the entire processes which connect the enunciation of the propositions with the conclusions , and the constant reference which is made , both tacit and expressed , to results and principles , both analytical and mechanical , which are co-extensive with the entire range of known mathematical science : but in Dr. Bowditch 's very elaborate commentary every deficient step is supplied , every suppressed demonstration is introduced , every reference explained and illustrated , and a work which the labours of an ordinary life could hardly master , is rendered accessible to every reader who is acquainted with the principles of the differential and integral calculus , and in possession of even an elementary knowledge of statical and dynamical principles . When we consider the circumstances of Dr. Bowditch 's early life , the obstacles which opposed his progress , the steady perseverance with which he overcame them , and the courage with which he ventured to expose the mysterious treasures of that sealed book , which had hitherto only been approached by those whose way had been cleared for them by a systematic and regular mathematical education , we shall be fully justified in pronouncing him to have been a most remarkable example of the pursuit of knowledge under difficulties , and well worthy of the enthusiastic respect and admiration of his countrymen , whose triumphs in the fields of practical science have fully equalled , if not surpassed , the noblest works of the ancient world . Pierre Louis Dulong was born at Paris in 1785 : he became an orphan at the age of four years ; and though hardly possessing the most ordinary advantages of domestic instruction or public education , his premature talents and industry gained him admission at the age of 16 to the Polytechnic School , which has been so fertile in the production of great men , of which he became afterwards successively examiner , professor , and director . He first followed the profession of medicine , which he abandoned on being appointed Professor of Chemistry to the Faculty of Sciences . He became a member of the Institute in 1823 , in the Section of the physical sciences . On the death of the elder Cuvier he was appointed Secretaire Perpetuel to the Institute , a situation from which he was afterwards compelled to retire by the pressure of those infirmities which terminated in his death in the fifty-fourth year of his age . M. Dulong was almost equally distinguished for his profound knowledge of chemistry and of physical philosophy . His " Researches on the mutual decomposition of the soluble and insoluble Salts , " form a most important contribution to our knowledge of chemical statics . He was the discoverer of the hypophosphorous acid , and also of the chlorure of azote , the most dangerous of chemical compounds , and his experiments upon it were prosecuted with a courage nearly allied to rashness , which twice exposed his life to serious danger ; and his memoirs on the " Combinations of phosphorus with oxygen , " on the " hyponitric acid , " on the oxalic acid , and other subjects , are sufficient to establish his character as a most ingenious and accurate experimenter , and as a chemical philosopher of the highest order . But it is to his researches on the " Law of the conduction of heat , " " On the specific heat of the gases , " and " On the elastic force of steam at high temperatures , " that his permanent fame as a philosopher will rest most securely : the first of these inquiries , which were undertaken in conjunction with the late M* Petit , was published in 1817 ; and presents an admirable example of the combination of well-directed and most laborious and patient experiment with most sagacious and careful induction : these researches terminated , as is well known , in the very important correction of the celebrated law of conduction , which Newton had announced in the Principia , and which Laplace , Poisson , and Fourier had taken as the basis of their beautiful mathematical theories of the propagation of heat . His experiments on the elastic force of steam at high temperatures , and which were full of danger and difficulty , were undertaken at the request of the Institute , and furnish results of the highest practical value ; and though the conclusions deduced from his " Researches on the specific heat of gases " have not generally been admitted by chemical and physical philosophers , the memoir which contains them is replete with ingenious and novel speculations , which show a profound knowledge and familiar command of almost every department of physical science . M. Frederic Cuvier , the younger brother of the illustrious Baron Cuvier , Professor of Animal Physiology to the Museum of Natural History at Paris , and Inspector-general of the University , was born at Montbelliard , in Alsace , in 1773 : he had from an early period attached himself to those studies which his brother had cultivated with so much success , and his appointment as keeper of the menagerie at the Jardin des Plantes , furnished him with the most favourable opportunities of studying the habits of animals , and of prosecuting his researches on their physiology and structure . The Annales d'Histoire Naturelle , and the Memoires du Museum , contain a series of his memoirs on zoological subjects of great value and interest , and his work " Sur les DensdesMammiferes considerees comme Caracteres Zoologiques " is full of novel and original views and observations , and has always been considered as one of the most valuable contributions to the science of Zoology which has been made in later times : the great work " Sur l'Histoire des Mammiferes " of which seventy numbers have been published , was undertaken in conjunction with Geoffroy St. Hilaire , and is the most considerable and most extensive publication on Zoology which has appeared since the time of Buffon . He was likewise the author of many other works and memoirs on zoological subjects in various scientific journals and collections . M. F. Cuvier , like his celebrated relative , combined a remarkable dignity and elevation of character , with the most affectionate temper and disposition . Like him , too , his acquisitions were not confined to his professional pursuits , but comprehended a very extensive range of literature and science . In his capacity of inspector of the university , he devoted himself with extraordinary zeal to the improvement of the national education of France in all its departments , from the highest to the lowest . It was in the course of one of his tours of inspection that he was attacked at Strasburg with paralysis ; the same disease which , under similar circumstances , had proved fatal to his brother , and likewise in the same year of his age . Dr. Martin van Marum was secretary to the Batavian Society of Sciences at Haarlem , and superintended the publication of their Transactions for many years . He was also director of the Teylerian Museum at the same place , and the noble library of natural history and science which adorns that establishment was chiefly collected by his exertions : it was under his directions also that the great electrical machine belonging to the Teylerian Museum was constructed , and he published in 1795 and 1800 the results of a very extensive series of experiments on the various forms of electrical phenomena which were produced by it , and more particularly with reference to a comparison of its effects with those produced by a powerful voltaic pile , which were undertaken at the express request of Volta himself . Dr. van Marum was remarkable for his very various acquirements , and was the author of many memoirs in the Haarlem and other Transactions , on botanical , chemical , physical , and other subjects : he was a man of the most simple habits and of the most amiable character , and devoted himself most zealously during the greatest part of a very long life to the cultivation of science , and to the promotion of the interests of the establishment over which he presided . Gentlemen , I have now arrived at the last and most painful part of my duty in addressing you , which is most gratefully and most respectfully to bid you farewell . On the motion of Mr. Davies Gilbert , seconded by Mr. Hatchett , it was unanimously resolved that the cordial thanks of the Society be presented to His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex for the numerous and valuable services which he has rendered the Society during the period of his filling the office of their President . The following Report of the Council respecting the awards they have made of two Copley Medals , two Royal Medals , and one Rumford Medal , was read . The Council have awarded a Copley Medal to Professor Gauss , for his researches and mathematical researches on Magnetism . Professor Gauss 's labours on the subject of magnetism , published at various periods , and continued with increasing activity up to the present time , have given to our knowledge of that subject very valuable and striking additions . In his dissertation entitled , " Intensitas vis magneticae terristris at mensuram absolutam revocata , " ( Gottingen , 1833 , ) he showed how , by a skilful combination of experiment with mathematical calculation , several of the most difficult problems belonging to the subject may be solved ; namely , the determination of the magnetic axis of a needle ; the exact determination of the moment of inertia of an oscillating needle ; the deviation produced in the direction of the horizontal needle by the neighbourhood of a magnet ; and the determination of the absolute intensity of the horizontal magnetic force of the earth . A combination of magnetic observers in different places had been set on foot by M. von Humboldt in 1828 ; a magnetic observatory was erected at Gottingen in 1833 ; and in consequence of these circumstances the curious discovery was made in 1834 , that the minute momentary changes in the position of the horizontal needle are simultaneous and corresponding at distant places . This led M. Gauss to direct the attention of men of science more particularly to this subject ; and the operations of the " Magnetic Union " of observers were carried on with great activity under his guidance . The " Results of the observations of the Magnetic Union " for 1836 and for 1837 , published by MM . Gauss and W. Weber , contain an account of the consequences of these exertions . They also contain descriptions of instruments invented by M. Gauss for the purpose of these observations , namely , the magnetometer , and other magnetical apparatus of his construction , which has already been sent to the observatories of Bonn , Dublin , Freiberg , Greenwich , Kasan , Milan , Munich , Naples , Upsala , Krakow , Leipzig , and Marpurg . Also the Bijilar Magnetometer , which determines directly the variation of horizontal intensity . The " Results " further contain various mathematical calculations of great importance , on the subject of the above instruments , and of the observations made by them . And it appears by observations made in March , 1838 , at Gottingen and three other places , with the Bifilar apparatus , that there is the same correspondence in the simultaneous changes of intensity at different places which had already been discovered in the declination . The ingenuity shown in the invention of instruments and processes , the mathematical skill employed in treating the observations , and the importance and interest of the results , are well deserving of being honourably marked by the Royal Society , and the adjudication of the Copley Medal to M. Gauss . The Council have also awarded a Copley Medal to Dr. Faraday for his discovery of Specific Electrical Induction , published in the eleventh series of his Experimental Researches in Electricity . From the peculiar view which he had taken of the phenomena of induction , Dr. Faraday was led to expect some particular relation of this process to different kinds of matter , through which it might be exerted . This relation he succeeded in establishing by the most decisive experiments . The phenomena are shown in their simplest form by an instrument which he has named a Differential Inductometer . It consists of three insulated metallic plates , placed facing each other ; the centre one being fixed , and the other two moveable upon slides , by which they may be approximated to or withdrawn from the centre . Each end plate is connected with an insulated leaf of an electrometer . When a charge is communicated to the centre plate under ordinary circumstances , the induction is equal on both sides , and the gold leaves are not disturbed . But if after uninsulating them , and again insulating them , a thick plate of shell-lac or sulphur be interposed between two of the plates , unequal induction will take place on the two sides , and the gold leaves will attract one another . By these means Dr. Faraday ascertained that , taking the specific inductive capacity of air to be.1* That of Glass is.1*76 Shell-lac* Sulphur.2*24 The results obtained with spermaceti , oil of turpentine , and naphtha were higher than that of air , but their conducting powers interfered with the accuracy of the experiments . By another form of apparatus he ascertained that all aeriform matter has the same power of sustaining induction ; and that no variations in the density or elasticity of gases produced any variation in their electric tension until rarefaction is pushed so far as that discharge may take place across them . Hot and cold air were compared together , and damp and dry air , but no difference was found in the results . The great importance of the discovery and complete establishment of such a principle as that of specific inductive capacity , in all its relations both experimental and theoretic , is so palpable , that any comment must be superfluous ; and the Council have felt they cannot better mark their sense of the value of this discovery than by awarding the Copley Medal to its author . The Council have awarded the Royal Medal for Mathematics to H. F. Talbot , Esq . , for his two memoirs entitled , " Researches in the Integral Calculus , " published in the Philosophical Transactions for 1836 and 1837 . Nothing perhaps tends more directly to bring the correctness of refined theoretical investigations in physics to the test of numerical results , than improvements in and extensions of the processes of integration . Any advance therefore which is made in this difficult branch of analysis must be viewed not merely in the light of a difficulty overcome in the progress of abstract science , but likewise as having an important bearing on the advancement of physical inquiry . The branch of analysis to which Mr. Talbot 's researches belong is one which is connected with a long series of valuable investigations from the time of Fagnani and Euler to that of Legendre , Jacobi , and Abel : it relates to integrals under the same form which are separately nonscendental , but which furnish , under particular conditions of the variables , an algebraical result when two or more of them are connected together with the signs + or - . The celebrated theorem of Abel , which may be made to comprehend some of Mr. Talbot 's results , is the most comprehensive and most important of all the general conclusions which have been arrived at in this department of analysis : but the process adopted by Mr. Talbot is more allied to that followed by Fagnani than by Abel , and is equally remarkable for its great simplicity and for the vast number of novel and interesting results which it furnishes , including not merely several of the most remarkable of those which are already known , but likewise many others which are apparently not deducible by other methods . The Council have awarded the Royal Medal for Chemistry to Professor Thomas Graham for his paper entitled " Inquiries respecting the Constitution of Salts ; of Oxalates , Nitrates , Phosphates , Sulphates , and Chlorides , " which was read to the Society on the 24-th of November 1836 , and since published in the Philosophical Transactions . This paper they have considered as being the last of a series on a general subject of great importance : and as the sequel of Professor Graham 's researches on the Arseniates , Phosphates , and modifications of Phosphoric Acid , read to the Society on the 19th of June 1833 , and published in the Philosophical Transactions of the same year . He has therein shown that , by considering the water which enters into the composition of the different classes of salts , which the phosphoric acid forms with the several bases , and which has been considered as water of crystallization as standing in a basic relation to the acid , a very simple view might be taken of this very complicated subject . According to this theory , there are three sets of phosphates , in which the oxygen of the acid being 5 , the oxygen in the base is respectively 3 , 2 , or 1 ; the remaining equivalents of oxygen , in the two first cases , being supplied by that portion which exists in the 2 or 3 equivalents , respectively , of the basic water , which water is wholly absent in the third case . These three classes of salts Professor Graham proposes to term , respectively , monobasic , bibasic , and tribasic salts . Professor Graham has extended these views of the basic formation of water in salts to the case of the sulphates , in a paper communicated to the Royal Society of Edinburgh , and published in the 13th volume of their Transactions , on " Water as a constituent of Salts . " The principal object of this paper , however , was to show that water exists in a different state in certain salts , and does not exercise a true basic function , being capable of being replaced by a salt , and not by an alkaline base , and giving rise to a class of double salts . This inquiry was suggested by the tendency of phosphate of soda to unite with an additional dose of soda , and form a subsalt , which had been traced to the existence of basic water in the former . The result was , that in the well-known class of sulphates , consisting of sulphates of magnesia , zinc , iron , manganese , copper , nickel and cobalt , all of which crystallize with either five or seven equivalents of water , one equivalent proved to be much more strongly united to the salt than the other four or six . The latter , to which the name of water of crystallization should be restricted , may generally be expelled by a heat under the boiling point of water ; while the remaining equivalent uniformly requires a heat above 400 ? of Fahrenheit for its expulsion , and seems to be , in a manner , essential to the salt . Thus in the double sulphate of zinc and potassa , the single equivalent of water , existing in the sulphate of zinc , is replaced by an equivalent of sulphate of potassa , while the six equivalents of water of crystallization remain ; and all the other salts of this class combine with one another in a similar manner . The super-sulphates must also be regarded as analogous to double salts ; the bisulphate of potassa , for example , being a sulphate of water and potassa . There is likewise a provision in the constitution of hydriated sulphuric acid for the production of a double salt analogous in its constitution to sulphate of zinc . Sulphuric acid , of the specific gravity 1*78 , contains two equivalents of water , and is capable of crystallizing at a temperature of 40 ? of Fahrenheit , being , in fact , the only known crystallizable hydrate of sulphuric acid . The second equivalent of water , contained in the hydrated acid , is capable of being replaced by an equivalent of sulphate of potassa , which is itself a salt , and a bisulphate of potassa is the result of this substitution . But the first equivalent of water can be replaced only by an alkali , or true base . Professor Graham distinguishes water in these two states of combination as basic and saline water . Thus the hydrate of sulphuric acid , already mentioned , contains one equivalent of basic , and one equivalent of saline water . It is , in his nomenclature , a sulphate of water with saline water , as the hydrous sulphate of zinc is a sulphate of zinc with saline water . The bi-sulphate of potassa is also a sulphate of water with sulphate of potassa , and corresponds with the double salt of sulphate of zinc with sulphate of potassa . The results which Professor Graham has thus obtained , and which he has communicated , partly to the Royal Society , and partly to the Royal Society of Edinburgh , suggested to him the probability that the law with respect to water in the constitution of the sulphates would extend to any hydrated acid , and the magnesian salt of that acid ; and his researches on this extension of the subject constitute the substance of his last communication to the Royal Society . As he had already found that the sulphate of water is constituted like the sulphate of magnesia , so he now finds oxalate of water to resemble the oxalate of magnesia , and the nitrate of water to resemble the nitrate of magnesia . He is moreover of opinion , that this correspondence between water and the magnesian class of oxides extends beyond their character as bases , and that , in certain subsalts of this class , the metallic oxide replaces the water of crystallization of the neutral salt , and discharges a function which was thought peculiar to water . The same kind of displacement , which takes place in the formation of a double sulphate by the substitution of a salt of the same class for an equivalent of water , appears to occur likewise in the constitution of double oxalates ; and the application of this principle elucidates the constitution of that class of salts , as well as of the super-oxalates , and to explain the mode in which they are derived . Lastly , the same law is traced in the constitution of the chlorides of the magnesian class of metals , which are found to have two equivalents of water strongly attached to them , and which may therefore be considered as constitutional . Many of them have two or four equivalents more , the proportion advancing by multiples of two equivalents . Professor Graham has supported these views , not only by numerous arguments , but also by experimental investigations of the physical properties of different classes of salts , and a great number of chemical analyses ; and he has thus largely added to our positive knowledge of this somewhat neglected branch of chemical science . The Council , without pronouncing any judgement on the question whether Professor Graham 's hypothesis concerning the different functions of water in the constitution of salts be a representation of the real mechanism of nature , are of opinion , that the discussion of his new and ingenious views will be highly conducive to the progress of science , particularly in the department of organic chemistry , in which they have been already followed out with success by some eminent foreign chemists , and have accordingly awarded to Professor Graham the Royal Medal for Chemistry of the present year , for his valuable researches in this department of science . The Council have awarded the Rumford Medal to Professor Forbes , for his discoveries and investigations of the Polarization and Double Refraction of Heat , published in the recent volumes of the Transactions of the Royal Society of Edinburgh . That solar heat , like the light which it accompanies , may be polarized , was shown by the early experiments of MM . Malus and Berard ; but the announcement of M. Berard , that heat from other sources was also capable of polarization , not having been confirmed in subsequent repetitions of his experiments by other philosophers , it became of the highest importance to establish this analogy between light and heat from whatever source the latter might be derived . The admirable instrument , the Thermo-multiplier , invented by MM . Nobili and Melloni , afforded facilities for the prosecution of inquiries of this nature , of which the inventors and others were not tardy in availing themselves . One of the most important results obtained by M. Melloni , and confirmed by Professor Forbes , the refrangibility of non-luminous heat by a prism of rock-salt , appeared to point to the polarization and double refraction of heat as almost necessary consequences . The experiments , however , of both these philosophers with tourmaline , undertaken nearly at the same time , appeared to negative the fact ; but Professor Forbes becoming sensible of the source of error , in the conclusions he had at first drawn from his experiments , soon saw that his results clearly indicated the effect he was in search of . His subsequent experiments established the fact , that in the transmission of heat from an Argand lamp , from incandescent platinum , and even from non-luminous heated brass , through slices of tourmaline cut parallel to the axis of the crystal , a portion of the heat is polarized , when the axes of the crystals are at right angles to each other ; and these results were confirmed by M. Melloni . But Professor Forbes did not allow the polarization of heat to rest solely upon the results obtained with tourmaline . By employing bundles of plates of mica , and adjusting them at proper angles , he not only obtained much more decisive results , particularly with heat from a non-luminous source , but such results as go to establish the singular fact , that the degree of the polarization of heat is dependent on the nature of its source . He has further shown the depolarization of heat by the interposition of a mica plate , and its circular polarization by means of two total internal reflections in an interposed rhomb , or two prisms of rock-salt . The Council consider that they cannot better testify their estimation of the discoveries and experimental investigations of Professor Forbes , than by awarding to him a Medal , bequeathed by its distinguished founder , as a premium to the author of discoveries tending to improve the theories of heat and light . The Statutes relating to the Election of Council and Officers having been read from the Chair , and the Rev. P. Jennings , D.D. , and Joseph Smith , Esq . , having , with the consent of the Society , been nominated Scrutators , to assist the Secretaries in examining the lists , the votes of the Fellows present were collected . The Scrutators reported the result of the ballot to be as follows : President . ? The Marquis of Northampton . Treasurer . ? John Wiliiam Lubbock , Esq . , M.A. , V.P. Secretaries . ? Peter Mark Roget , M.D. ; Samuel Hunter Christie , Esq . , M.A. Foreign Secretary . ? Wiliiam Henry Smyth , Capt. R.N. Other Members of the Council . ? H.R.H. the Duke of Sussex , K.G. , V.P. ; Francis Baily , Esq . , V.P. ; John George Children , Esq . , V.P. ; John Frederic Daniell , Esq . ; C. G. B. Daubeny , M.D. ; Thomas Galloway , Esq . , M.A. ; Thomas Graham , Esq . ; Sir John F. W. Herschel , Bart . , M.A. , V.P. ; Francis Kiernan , Esq . ; George Rennie , Esq . ; John Forbes Royle , M.D. , V.P. ; Rev. Adam Sedgwick , M.A. ; Robert Bentley Todd , M.D. ; Charles Wheatstone , Esq . ; Rev. Wiliiam Whewell , M.A. ; Rev. Robert Willis , M.A. Whereupon the above-named gentlemen were declared duly elected ; and thanks were voted to the Scrutators for their trouble on this occasion . The following is the statement with respect to the Receipts and Payments of the Society during the preceding year , which was laid on the table by the Treasurer . Statement of the Receipts and Payments of the Royal Society between Nov. 29 , 1837 , and Nov. 29 , 1838 . RECEIPTS . ? . s. d. Balance in the hands of the Treasurer at the last Audit. . 337 38 32 Weekly Contributions , at one shilling . 83 40 136 Quarterly Contributions , at ? 1 . 516 00 32 Admission Fees . 320 009 Compositions for Annual Payments at ? 60 . 540 00 Rents : ? One year 's rent of estate at Mablethorpe : due ? . s. d. at Michaelmas , ( less the expenses of defending the Tythe suit , ? 55 13 3 ) . 51 69 One year 's rent of lands at Acton : due at Michaelmas . 60 00 One year 's fee-farm rent of Jands in Sussex ; land-tax deducted : due at Michaelmas. . 19 40 One fifth of the clear rent of an estate at Lambeth Hill , from the Royal College of Physicians , in pursuance of Lady Sadleir 's will : due at Midsummer . 300 133 10 9 Dividends on Stock : ? One year 's dividend on ? 14,000 Reduced 3 per cent . Annuities . 420 00 Dividend on ? 3452 . 1 . 1 Consols , the produce of the sale of the premises in Colemanstreet . , ... . 103 11 2 One year 's dividend on ? 200 Consols ... . 600 Donation Fund . One year 's dividend on ? 4150 . 0 . 0 Consols 124 10 0 Rumford Fund . One year 's dividend on ? 2161.0 . 10 Consols 64 16 6 Fairchild Fund . One year 's dividend on ? 100 New South Sea Annuities . 300 721 17 8 Miscellaneous Receipts : ? Sale of Philosophical Transactions and Abstracts of Papers . 287 26 Total Receipts . ? 2938 18 7 PAYMENTS . ? . s. d. Fairchild Lecture . ? The Rev. J. J. Ellis , for delivering the Fairchild Lecture for 1837 . 300 Ditto ditto for 1838 . 300 Bakerian Lecture . ? James Ivory , Esq . , for the Bakerian Lecture .  400 Copley Medal . ? Mr. Wyon for Eight Medals . 42 16 0 British Museum Fund . Bailliere for Books . 24 10 0 ? ?-Simpkin and Marshall for ditto ... . 1619 0 94 50 Salaries : ? ? . s. d. Dr. Roget , one year , as Secretary . 105 00 S. H. Christie , Esq . , one year , as Secretary. . 105 00 Ditto for Index to Phil . Trans. 550 Capt. Smyth , one year , as Foreign Secretary . 20 00 Mr. Roberton , one year , as Assistant-Secretary 160 00 Mr. W. E. Shuckard , one year , as Librarian . 50 00 Mr. Holtzer , one year , as Porter . 30 00 Ditto , for extra Porterage . 10 00 485 50 Fire Insurance , on the Society 's Property 22 11 6 Mrs. Coppard : Gratuity . 10 00 Bills : ? Taylor : Printing the Phil . Trans. , 1837 , part 2. . 177 29 Ditto , 1838 , part 1 ; Proceedings , N09.8O 33 ; Circulars , Lists of Fellows , Ballotlists , Statement of Payments , and Minutes of Council ; & c. & c. 184 16 6 Bowles and Gardiner : For Paper for the Phil . Trans. , 1838 , part 15650 Basire : For Engraving and Copper-plate Printing for Phil . Trans. , 1838 , part 1 . 27 18 6 Walker ; Engraving and Copper-plate Printing for the Phil . Trans. , 1837 , parts 1 and 2. . 119 00 Gyde : Sewing and Boarding 800 Parts of Phil . Trans. 1837 , part 2 . 27 80 Ditto , 1838 , part 1 . 27 68 619 17 5 Carried forward . ? 1231 18 11 IOcS ? . s. d. ? . s. d. Brought forward. . 1231 18 11 Ackermann : ? For Emblazoned Leaf for the Queen 's signature . 550 Chappell : ? For Stationery . 23 26 Saunderson : ? For Shipping Expenses ... . 519 Brecknell and Turner : ? For Wax Lights , Candles , and Lamp Oil . 36 66 Bramah : ? For Secretary 's Box . 3 14 6 Cubitt : ? For Repairing Windows , Carpets , & c. 12 13 Gwillim : ? For Brushes , Fire wood , & c ... 4 10 2 Exchequer Fee for paying dividend . 0 13 0 Wood : ? For Coals . 300 Murray : ? For taking Meteorological Observations . 700 Tuckett : ? BindingCharters and Statutes for the Queen . 2 16 0 103 10 8 Taxes and Parish Rates : Land and Assessed Taxes . 35 39 Poor Rate . 15 11 8 Church Rate . 3 11 8 Rector 's Rate . 116 3 56 34 Petty Charges : Window-cleaning , & c. 2 12 0 Attending Clocks . 111 6 Postage and Carriage . 17 00 Expenses on Foreign Packets , & c. 8 16 3 Stamps . 336 Charwoman 's Wages . 27 60 Extra Charwoman 's work . 240 Miscellaneous expenses . 20 18 0 83 11 3 Total Payments_ ? 1475 42 Balance in the hands of the Bankers . 1467 14 5 Overpaid by Mr. Roberton . 400 Balance in the hands of the Treasurer . 1463 14 5 ? 2938 18 7 November 29th , 1838 . FRANCIS BAILY , Treasurer . The Balances in hand , now belonging to the several trusts , are as under : viz : ? ? . 5 . d. British Museum Fund . 203 14 4 Donation Fund . 233 16 4 Rumford Fund . 259 66 The following table shows the progress and present state of the Society , with respect to the number of Fellows : 
The CROONIAN LECTURE was delivered by JAMES PAGET , Esq . , F.R.S. , " On the Cause of the Rhythmic Motion of the Heart , " as follows : I have selected for the subject of my lecture , the cause of the rhythmic motion of the heart ; guided to this choice , partly by the belief that the Croonian lecture must have some relation to muscular motion , and partly by the interest which I have acquired in the subject in the course of observations extended , though with many and long interruptions , over some ten or twelve years . It is not necessary that I should enter on any consideration of the various opinions that have been entertained on the cause of the heart 's peculiar motion . Let me first show what it is , and how it differs from the other motions in the same body , which are visible to the naked eye . In a beheaded tortoise , or any other of the Amphibia , the muscles of the trunk and limbs are usually in perfect rest , unless disturbed : those in the head may act so as to produce a kind of gasping and swallowing movements , at distant and nearly regular intervals ( an imperfect kind of rhythmic motion ) : the digestive and other mucous canals are at rest , or move with slow worm-like actions ; but the heart maintains , with perfect regularity , the rhythmically alternate contractions and dilatations of its auricles and ventricle ; its several movements being ordered , not only in the manner of their succession , but in rhythm , i. e. in the proportions of time which they severally occupy . Why is this difference ? To what may we refer as the cause of this apparently peculiar mode of muscular movement ? In answer , let me show ( for it is a condition of the Croonian foundation that experiments should be shown ) that the cause of the rhythmic action is in the heart itself ; not in any of the great nervous centres through which other muscular movements are excited , including those in the separated head , which will cease at once on destruction of the medulla oblongata and brain . The evidence of this is in the continued action of the heart after it is cut out of the body . It may remain at rest for a few minutes after the excision ; but then , as if recovering from shock or fatigue , it again begins to act , and thus will continue for many hours acting as regularly as it did when its connexions were unbroken . The time during which the action of the cut-out heart will be maintained is different in the several classes of the Vertebrata ; but some such continuance may be observed in all , and in all the experiment is enough to prove that the rhythmic action does not depend either upon distant nervous organs , or upon the blood which naturally flows through the cavities of the heart ; for as soon as the heart is cut out , its cavities are emptied and no blood flows through them . Thus , then , for a first conclusion , we may be sure that the cause of the rhythmic action of the heart is something in the heart itself ; and this , notwithstanding the variations of the rhythm , which may be produced by morbid or artificial states of organs far distant from the heart . But the cause , whatever it be , is not equally in all parts of the heart ; for when its parts are in certain manners separated , some continue to act rhythmically , and others cease to do so . If , for example , the cut-out heart be divided into two pieces , one comprising the auricles and the base of the ventricle , the other comprising the rest of the ventricle , the former will continue to act rhythmically , the latter will cease to do so , and no rhythmic action can be , by any means , excited in it . The piece of ventricle does not lose its power of motion , for if it be in any way stimulated , it contracts even vigorously ; but it never contracts without such an external stimulus , and , when stimulated , it never contracts more than once for each stimulus . Without losing motility , it has lost all rhythmic power , and all appearance of spontaneous action . We can , indeed , make it imitate a rhythm by stimulating it at regular intervals , such as every two or three seconds ; but in any experiment of this kind , it will presently appear how much sooner the motor force is exhausted by the artificially excited actions , than by the apparently equal actions of the natural rhythm . Other sections of the heart , and experiments of other kinds , would show that the cause of the rhythmic action of the ventricle , and probably also of the auricles so long as they are associated with it , and not with the venous trunks , is something in and near the boundary-ring between the auricles and ventricle ; for what remains connected with this ring , or even with a part of it in a longitudinally bisected heart , retains its rhythm , and what is disconnected from it loses rhythm . An experiment related by Heidenhain* , seems to show more precisely where the source of the rhythmic action of the ventricle is seated . If the ventricle of a frog 's heart be separated , and every part of the septum of the auricles be removed from its base , so that its cavity may be perfectly single ; and if , then , it be set upright on a board with some blood in its cavity and around it , it will be found that as pieces are cut away from its upper border , so its pulsations become less and less frequent , till at length , when a zone of a certain depth has been removed , they cease altogether . The depth of the zone to be cut away may be nearly one-third of the length of the ventricle ; and somewhere in this zone we must assume lies that on which the rhythmic action of the ventricle , when alone or with part of the auricles , depends . But wherever may be precisely the sources or centres of the rhythmic action of the heart , or any of its parts ( and most of these details , I think , have yet to be determined , even for the hearts of Amphibia , and much more for those of other orders ) , these experiments seem enough to prove that the rhythm does not depend on the properties of the muscular tissue alone or independently . If it were so , it would be highly improbable that certain portions of the heart being separated should lose rhythmic action , and others just like them , so far as their muscularity is concerned , should retain it . This conclusion is confirmed by many experiments invented by Professor Stannius , and often repeated by myself and others , with results varying little from those which he obtained . Perhaps the most remarkable of them is , that if a ligature be tied tightly round the place of conflux of the great veins entering the auricles of a frog 's or tortoise 's heart , the rhythmic action immediately , or after a few beats , ceases , and is suspended for three or many more minutes , and then returns in the ventricle alone ( I believe ) at a much slower rate than it had before . This result is not due to the stoppage of the flow of blood into the heart , for if the veins be tied separately at a distance from the auricles , the rhythm continues . Neither is it due to the loss or great diminution of mere motility ; for if the heart thus brought to rest be stimulated , it acts once , or rarely more than once , its action travelling from the part stimulated over all its substance . The result seems due to an injury done to something beneath or behind the ligature , from or through which some influence would naturally be conducted from the conflux of the veins to the auricles , and thence to the ventricle ; for in the other direction , i. e. in the trunks of the veins behind the ligature , even to a great distance from the auricle , rhythmic motion still continues , and is scarcely , if at all , changed . And by variously placing the ligature , it would be found that , whereever tied between the venous sinus and the auriculo-ventricular ring , all the parts behind it would retain , and all those before it would lose ( at least , for a time ) , their rhythm . This indication of the experiment ( that the loss of rhythm , namely , depends on injury of something beneath or behind the ligature ) is confirmed by another , whose whole import , however , I am quite unable to explain . If , when a heart is thus brought to rest by a ligature tied round the conflux of the veins , another ligature be tied round the boundary ring of the auricles and ventricle , and including the bulbus arteriosus of the frog , or the two aortae of the tortoise , the rhythmic action remains suspended in the auricles , but at once begins again in the ventricle , or , if it have not wholly ceased there , is much accelerated . We thus obtain a condition of the heart in which the great veins and the ventricle act rhythmically , though not with the same rhythm , but the auricles between them are at rest . Now , in all these facts there appears sufficient evidence that the source of the rhythmic action of the heart is not in the muscular structure alone , or in its relation with the blood in the cavities , or in the vessels of the heart ; for these things are not in any of the experiments more disturbed in one part of the heart than in another . The nutritive relations of the muscular tissue and the blood are sufficient for the maintenance of mere motility , but they are not sufficient for the maintenance of rhythmic motion ; they can maintain the power of acting upon external stimulus , but cannot give spontaneity of action , or regulate the time or manner of acting . It is interesting to observe in these experiments three different modes of action of the heart : ( 1 ) the truly rhythmic , in which the contractions of its several parts , or of some of them when separated , ensue spontaneously ( i. e. without evident stimulus or change of external conditions ) , and observe a definite order and proportion of time ; ( 2 ) such as may be excited by stimulus , which , beginning at the cavity stimulated ( whichever it may be ) , are effected simultaneously , or with a scarcely appreciable difference of time , by all parts of the walls of that cavity ; then follow , with a certain interval , in the other cavities ; and then are not repeated in the same order , but give place to the true rhythmic action , which they may for once have prevented or inverted ; ( 3 ) those which ensue on stimulus , when the heart or any of its parts is utterly exhausted , and which commence at the point stimulated , and thence slowly travel once to all other points connected with it by continuity of muscle . Now , of these three modes of action , the last may be ascribed to mere motility , such as the intestines and the stomach have , and such as is maintained by the nutritive relations of the muscular substance and the blood in its vessels . The second may be due to the same , acting with more energy ; or it may be ascribed , as by Bidder* and Rosenbergert , to the action of reflecting nervous centres in the ganglia of the heart . But what of the third , the rhythmic , which every experiment shows to be essentially different from both of these ? It is explicable , and all the experiments are consistent , on the belief ( which many before me have entertained ) that it depends on certain nervous centres in the nerve-ganglia of the heart ; which centres , by spontaneous discharges of nerve-force , cause the muscular structures to contract . These centres ( rhythmic centres as they have been called ) being injured or hindered in their operation , the rhythm ceases , though the motor power is not lost ; or these centres , being cut away with certain portions of the heart , the other portions cease to have rhythmic motion , though still capable of repeated single actions when artificially stimulated . Such nervous centres may exist among the numerous ganglia in the heart , and the indications of their position in the frog 's heart given by the experiments , agree very well with the dissections by Bidder and Rosenberger . There is , indeed , nothing in the structure or aspect of the ganglia presumed to be rhythmic , which can make us sure that they can act as nervous centres of peculiar force , much less ( if it were possible ) that they must act rhythmically . But the assumption of such rhythmic nervous centres is justified , not only by its sufficiency as an hypothesis , and by its accordance with the existence of ganglia in the appropriate places in hearts , but by the analogy of the only other example of naturally rhythmic muscular movements in our own or any other mammalian economy , I mean the respiratory movements . These are certainly determined in their rhythm by the medulla oblongata . It is true , they are greatly influenced as to their rate and force , though not as to their very existence , by external conditions , and are amenable in a measure to the power of the will ; and the rate and force of their rhythm are much more dependent , than are those of the heart 's , on the conditions of distant parts . Nevertheless , essentially and habitually , the medulla oblongata is not only the nervous centre , but the rhythmic nervous centre , of the respiratory movements . When a certain portion of it is destroyed , the proper respiratory rhythm ceases , and nothing can renew it , whatever stimulus or variety of external conditions be present . Any of the respiratory muscles may be again stimulated to contraction ; some of them will again , and for a few times , contract repeatedly and at regular intervals , imitating the old rhythm* ; but there is no longer any combination or timely succession of the movements of the many respiratory muscles , as for their proper purpose . In like manner , it may be that the rhythmic movements of the lymphatic hearts in Amphibia depend on a part of the spinal cord as their nervous centre ; but this is doubtful* ; doubtful I mean , not whether there be a nervous centre for the rhythmic movements , but where it is seated . The case of the respiratory movements , however , is clear , and should be reckoned as of great weight in the argument for the nervous origin of the heart 's action . The experiments on the heart 's action which I have shown , have been selected as the simplest and most significant . I pass by many more , and say concerning them only this , that I believe there are none whose results are inconsistent with the belief that I have expressed as to the cause of the rhythmic action of the heart . There are some , of which the results are difficult to explain ; but the difficulties relate to questions of nerve-physiology , and do not affect the simple conclusion that the rhythmic action of the heart in theVertebrata depends on the operation of nervous centres in the ganglia on or near the substance of the heart : I say , in the Vertebrata ; for as yet we know ( I believe ) nothing of the origin of the corresponding movements in the Invertebrata , though we may well believe that in them , and especially in the lower among them , the rhythmic movements of any pulsating vessel , analogous to a heart , are independent of any nervous system . Such a difference in the two great groups would correspond with similar differences in nearly all other parts of their several economies . The more highly developed the nervous system is , the more are its operations influential in those of every other part and system ; and , for the heart , we may suppose that the making-over of its rules of action to a proper nervous system is on purpose that it may the more quickly correspond and sympathize with other organs , with which , but for their connexion through the nervous system , it could only sympathize more slowly through the medium of the blood . But , now , it will not have escaped you to question , why are these nervous centres rhythmic in their action ? granting all that has been said , why is it that these nervous centres accumulate and discharge nerve-force , as it would seem , not only spontaneously , but at time-regulated intervals ? To put on them , rather than on the heart 's muscles , the work of rhythm , is only to put the real difficulty of the matter a step further back . This is very true ; and I will add , that they who hold that the rhythmic , like the ordinary , action of muscles , cannot ensue without stimulus , are in the like predicament , at a step still further back ; for how , it may be asked , is the stimulus ( of the heart suppose ) applied or generated at regular intervals ? And the difficulty is not in the case of the heart alone , but in that of all the rhythmic muscular movements . For why , it may be asked , does the medulla oblongata rhythmically excite the respiratory muscles into action ? and if it be answered that it is itself stimulated by venous blood , or by impressions on the pneumogastric and other centripetal nerves , then how does the venous blood , or any other substance , thus rhythmically and not constantly stimulate ? Constant stimulus , or constant production of an excess of nervous or muscular force , might produce constant muscular action , whether continuous or disorderly , but could not alone maintain a regularly interrupted action , in which the lengths of time of action and of inaction are in definite proportion . This shifting of the question as to the cause of rhythmic motion suggests that we should enter on a larger inquiry , and take notice of whatever organic processes are performed with rhythm ; and this seems the more necessary , while we consider that rhythmic action is not tied to any particular structure , whether muscular or nervous , nor employed in only one or two purposes , as blood-movement or breathing ; nor even limited to the animal kingdom : so that , really , the peculiarity we have to study is not one of force , or not one of force alone , but one of time as an element in the organic processes . No explanation of the rhythmic action of the heart , therefore , would be sufficient , which did not involve or appear consistent with some general law to which we may refer all other rhythmic organic processes , that is , all such as are accomplished with time-regulated alternations , whether of motion or any other change . Probably , the simplest example of rhythmic motions yet known is that detected by the acute researches of Professor Busk* in the Volvox globator . At a certain period of the development of this simplest vegetable organism , there appear , in each zoospore , or in the bands of protoplasm with which the zoospores are connected , vacuoles , spaces , or cavities , of about y-ho-th of an inch in diameter , which contract with regular rhythm at intervals of from 38 to 41 seconds , quickly contracting and then more slowly dilating again . The observations of Cohn , published about a year later than those of Mr. Busk , but independent of them , discovered similar phenomena in Gonium pectorale and in Chlamydomonas , the vacuoles , like water-vesicles , contracting regularly at intervals of 40 to 45 seconds . The contractions and the dilatations occupy equal periods , as do those of our own heart-ventricles ; and in Gonium he has found this singular fact , that when , as commonly happens , two vacuoles exist in one cell , their rhythms are alike and exactly alternate , each contracting once in about 40 seconds , and the contraction of each occurring at exactly mid-distance between two successive contractions of the other . Here , then , we have examples of perfect , and even of compound , rhythmic contractions in vegetable organisms , in which we can have no suspicion of muscular structure , or nervous , or of stimulus ( in any reasonable sense of the term ) , or , in short , of any one of those things which we are prone to regard as the mainsprings of rhythmic action in the heart . The case of ciliary movements is as simple ; the cilia having a perfect rhythm , so that their alternate and opposite movements are of definitely proportioned length ; and that , where many move on the same surface , they all keep time precisely , by moving , not all simultaneously , but in time-regulated succession . Here , too , we have no trace of muscular or nervous structure , or of stimulus ; yet there is a perfect rhythm in which even myriads of cilia keep time , although there is no evident connecting medium between them , nor , generally , any continuity of structure . I cite these two instances the ciliary motion and the contraction of the vacuoles or vesicles in the minute Algae , as the simplest examples of rhythmic movements-simplest in regard of method , of structure , of apparent uniformity of circumstances , and of spontaneity . And if I were to enumerate all the instances of rhythmic motion that I can find , other than those of hearts , their variety would suffice to show , that for the explanation of rhythm , we must find something much wider than any peculiarity in the structure or nerve-supply of hearts . The time-regulated movements of Oscillatoriae and their congeners ; those of the lateral leaflets in Desmodium gyrans , and of the labellum in Megaclinium falcatum * ; the movements of spermatozoa and of their analogues in the vegetable kingdom ; the constant rhythm of the nutritive yelk in the ovum of the Pike ; the movements of the pulmograde Acalephae ; the rhythmic actions of the larger veins in the Bat 's wing:all these make a heterogeneous list if we look to structure or to office ; their only apparent mark of resemblance is that they are all rhythmical in action , i. e. they all observe a rule of time in the manner of their action , a rule in which there is a regulation not only of the times at which successive and alternate actions follow one another , but of those during which each action is continuous . But there is another thing common to all rhythmically acting organs : they are all the seats of nutritive processes ; and I believe that their movements are rhythmical , because their nutrition is so ; and rhythmic nutrition is , I believe , only a peculiar instance , or method of manifestation , of a general law of Time as concerned in all organic processes . In other words , I believe that rhythmic motion is an issue of rhythmic nutrition , i. e. of a method of nutrition , in which the acting parts are at certain periods raised , with timeregulated progress , to a state of instability of composition , from which they then decline , and in their decline may change their shape , and move with a definite velocity , or ( as nervous centres ) may discharge nerve-force . Regarded as phenomena of nutrition , the chief things in which rhythmic changes , whether attended with motion or not , may seem strange , are ( 1 ) that they are not continuous , but interrupted , and , as it were , alternating between action and inaction , or between progress and regress ; and ( 2 ) that they are very minutely observant of time . But , in both these regards , they are examples of very general laws of organic processes ; alternations of action and of rest , or of opposite actions , being common phenomena of organic life , and all organic processes being regulated with exact observance of time . In all organic processes , laws of time are observed as exactly as are those concerning weight , and size , and composition . In the largest view , in that cycle of mutations , according to a parental type , in which the life of every individual ( at least among the higher organisms ) consists , the successive changes are accomplished with the same exact regard to time as to every other particular . The offspring at each period of its course attains the same condition as the parent at the corresponding period had attained ; the rules of weight , of shape , of composition , and of time , are all alike observed in the reproduction of the parent in the offspring . And , within this view , we may observe how all the parts , or even all the elemental structures , of any organism , keep time in its development . Prematurity is , probably , even more rare than is preponderance , among them . And so to natural death ; for rare as it may be , there is a death even among men , in which , with uniform and synchronous decay , all parts arrive at the same time at the stage of incapacity for work . It is the same everywhere . How evident is the observance of a law of time in the organic phenomena of the seasons ! or , with more minute regulation , in those of sleep and waking , not only among animals , but , much more exactly , in the leaves and flowers of plants ; or in their unfoldings ; or in the movements of stamina , the dehiscence of fruits and the like , whether in succession or coincidently ! In all of these , occurring as they do precisely when they are necessary for the welfare of the individual or the race , we may observe a time-regulation of the organic processes , which , for its precision , passes calculation . For though many of these processes may be very dependent , as to the variations of their rate , upon external conditions , and especially upon variations of light and heat , yet their mean or proper rate is not explained by these conditions , nor is wholly due to them ; a distinct law of periodicity , various according to the species , is observed in all ; and even what the external conditions do effect , they effect by their influence on processes of cell-life , which they can alter in respect of time in only the same measure , and with the same limitations , as they can alter them in respect of quantity , or any other character . Instances of the time-regulation of processes in the animal economy are as evident : witness the returns of thirst and hunger , the regulated times for digestion , the rates of excretions , the daily risings and fallings of temperature , the times for the development of ova , for the growth and development of the uterus , and of all the parts appertaining to gestation and to lactation . Equally is time observed in processes of disease . It is most evident , in one sense , in all intermittent and other periodic affections ; but , in another way , as evident in eruptive fevers . In smallpox , for example , not only is the time set in which the complicated process of eruption will be achieved , but , though every pustule is , in its appearance , independent of the rest , yet all are together in regard of time , because there is the same time-regulation for all . And so , when we watch the progress and the natural remedy of some spreading disease , such as erysipelas or gangrene , the observance of time is , in the whole process , as exact as that of quantity , or any other characteristic of the disease . I dwell the more on these facts , because , familiar as they are to all , their importance as indicating a general law of organic life seems to be overlooked , and especially their bearing on the explanation of the rhythmic action of the heart has not been duly considered . For not only are many of the processes to which I have referred instances of regular and time-ordered alternations of action , and therefore , in the strict sense , rhythmical ; but they are all instances of that exact observance of minute periods of time , which , on a superficial view , appears as the most singular and inexplicable character of the rhythm of a heart . For , in all these cases , the final correctness of the result of the organic process , the punctuality of its event , is proof that it was exactly timed in every stage ; that it was , throughout , regulated to the second ; just as the action of the heart is , or as the accuracy of a chronometer , at a year 's end , is proof , or very nearly proof , that it kept right time in every hour and every second of the year . In the maturation or the development of an ovum , for example , or in the ripening of seeds , a law of time , various in different species , is observed by all , and their punctuality in arriving at the climax of maturity , after many hours or days or months of progressive change , is evidence that they were chronometric in all their course thitherward . And where many such processes are concurrent , though severally independent , as in the contemporary maturation of all the ovules of an ovary , we may say that their concurrence is like that of many exact chronometers ; and their final punctuality , like that of the chronometers , would prove that , in each unit of time , each did a certain and proportionate amount of work . In all organic processes , then , there is as minute a regulation of time as there is of quantity , or shape , or quality of matter . Timework is not a singular characteristic of quickly rhythmic organs ; it is a rule of life ; and its rate in each organism is neither determined , nor beyond certain limits alterable , by external conditions , or by any appreciable qualities of weight or composition ( as are the time-relations of inorganic masses ) ; but is determined by properties inherited , and inherent in the very nature of the organism , and is least alterable by external conditions in the highest organisms . But though the general law of chronometric nutrition ( if I may so call it ) may be evident , yet it may be objected by some , that it is proved only for such nutritive processes as are long-continuous and cumulative ; and that it is an unwarranted assumption to think of a rhythmical or frequently interrupted nutrition . To which objection the answer may be , that whether we regard a rhythmic nutrition as the cause of rhythmic motion or not , we are obliged to hold such a method of nutrition as a fact . For we can be nearly certain that in the heart , as in other muscular , or any other parts , the successive impairments and renovations of composition , which constitute the process of nutritive maintenance , are severally accomplished during the successive periods of action and of repose , all exercise being attended with impairment of composition , such as can be repaired only during repose . Now the only repose of the heart 's muscles , and I suppose of its nervous system also , is in the brief intervals between their successive actions ; and in these intervals , and , therefore , with a rhythmic nutrition coordinate with its rhythmical action , the heart-structures must recover from the changes suffered in their actions . Whether , then , as a cause , or as a consequence , where there is rhythmical action there must be corresponding rhythmical waste and repair ; for we cannot reasonably suppose that the heart , or any other similarly acting organ , has , as a special prerogative , an exemption from the law of impairment in or by exercise : such an exemption is , indeed , inconceivable . Now if rhythmic nutrition be thus proved as a necessary attendant of rhythmic action , it must be regarded as the cause , not the consequence , of the action ; for in all cases nutrition has precedence of other actions in organized bodies ; and the time-regulation of nutrition is a general and principal fact , and is a cause , not a consequence , of many phenomena which we trace in other organs than the heart , and many of which are attended with time-ordered movements . I suspect that , to many , that which will seem most difficult of acceptance , is the belief that in so quick rhythmic actions as that of the mammalian heart ( for example ) , or that of cilia , there can be a corresponding quickness of alternation of the progressive and retrogressive changes which essentially constitute nutrition . It must be admitted that , when we watch these movements , they appear , at first sight , very unlike anything that can result from nutritive changes , in which we are apt to think of a certain deliberation and quietness . But all rhythmic movements are not thus rapid ; and when we watch the actions of a heart reduced to move only once in two or three minutes ( as a frog 's may be by ligature around the venous sinus ) , the appearance is like nothing more than it is like that of a process of nutritive changes , in which the structures gradually reach a climax of instability , and then quickly change . Whatever value then there may be in the appearance of a rhythmic action as an indication of its cause , it might be adduced on either side of the inquiry . But let me add , that the nutritive changes to which I here refer , do not involve the supposition of any rapidly successive making and unmaking of the structures of the rhythmic organ , whether the heart or any other . We have probably held too much of the making and unmaking of elemental parts as essential to their maintenance by nutrition . In the modelling of parts during development and growth , such complete changes probably occur ; but in mere maintenance of parts there is no evidence of their fiequent or ordinary occurrence , and to assume it is contrary to the fact , that we rarely find any rudimental structures among the perfect ones . In the most active muscles of the adult , for example , I doubt whether a rudimental or developing fibre could be found ; we have sufficient chemical evidence of a constant change of material in them , but no evidence of an equal or parallel change of structure . And so in the blood : the change of material is very rapid , but the change of structures , which we may in some measure estimate by the proportion of white or rudimental blood-cells , is probably slow* . And again , in the secreting glands , excepting those of the skin and the breasts , we have no evidence , and , I think , no sufficient reason to believe , that in all cases the gland-cell-walls dissolve or burst in the act of secretion , so as to need the entire new formation of fresh cells . For we find in most of the active glands no considerable number of either rudimental or degenerate cells ; and the observations of Ludwig and Rahn on the secretion of saliva indicate , as many other facts do , that in ordinary secretion ( which is the ordinary nutrition of glands ) the cell-contents , gradually transformed , flow out through the persistent cell-walls . Nutritive maintenance , then , probably requires nothing more than molecular substitution . Atoms even of the refuse substance may be passing out , and atoms of the renewing substance passing into places among the structures of a comparatively persistent framework . Cell-walls or their analogues may be long-lived , while their contents are undergoing continual mutation . Such a process of molecular interchange and passage is , indeed , visible in the absorption of oil through the epithelial cells and villi of the intestines ; and this is probably only a coarse example of the ordinary manner in which cells change their contents in the nutritive processes . Changes like these may well consist with the quickest rhythmic action . I would thus , then , conclude as to the most probable explanation of the rhythmic action of the heart . In the Vertebrata it is due to the time-regulated discharges of nerve-force in certain of the ganglia in and near the substance of the heart , by which discharges the muscular walls are excited to contraction . 2 . In Invertebrata , the corresponding pulsatile movements of hearts or vessels are probably independent of nerve-force . 3 . The time-regulated rhythmic action , whether of the nervous centres or of the independent contractile walls , is due to their nutrition being rhythmic , i. e. to their being , in certain periods , by nutritive changes of composition , raised , with regulated progress , to a state of instability of composition , in their decline from which they discharge nerve-force , or change their shape , contracting . 4 . The muscular substance of the heart in the Vertebrata , governed in its rhythmic action by appropriate nervous centres , has a rhythmic nutrition of its own , corresponding and coordinate with theirs ; the impairments of its structure during action being repaired in repose . 5 . Rhythmic nutrition is a process in accordance with the general laws of organic life , very many organic processes being composed of timely-regulated alternate action and inaction , or alternate opposite actions , i. e. being rhythmical , with larger or shorter units of time ; and all organic processes being chronometric , i. e. ordered according to laws of time as exact , and only as much influenced by external conditions , as are those relating to weight , size , shape , and composition . 
" On the Production of Vibrations and Sounds by Electrolysis . " By GEORGE GORE , Esq . Communicated by Professor TYNDALL . Received November 12 , 1861 . Read December 12 , 1861 * . 1 . Under some circumstances , which I have already briefly recorded ( Proceedings of the Royal Society , No. 44 . p. 177 ) , vibrations of singular beauty , accompanied by definite sounds , are produced at the surfaces of mutual contact of a liquid metal and electrolyte by the passage of an electric current . 2 . The most convenient mode of obtaining the vibrations and sounds is as follows . Take a circular disk of thin sheet glass.about 2 or 3 inches in diameter , and procure a thin hoop of glass about 1 inch wide and of the same diameter as the disk , by cutting off the end of an ordinary glass shade . Coat one edge of the hoop with melted sealing-wax , and place the hoop with that edge downwards upon the disk in an oven so that the two may become securely united . Procure another hoop about -th of an inch wide , and of a diameter about x-th of an inch less than the previous one , and fix it to the same side of the disk concentric to the other in a similar manner , and make the junctions water-tight . A circular vessel surrounded by an annular space or vessel will thus be obtained , as represented in the annexed figure 1 , which gives a perspective view of the complete vessel supposed to be cut in two . Fig. 1 . Fig. 2 . A second form of vessel may be made of the shape represented in fig . 2 , open at each end ; and a bottom formed to it by sticking on with sealing-wax , either a flat disk of glass or an inverted watchglass . An equally suitable vessel may be made in one piece of glass by forming what is termed by glass-blowers a " chevril " or raised edge in the bottom of a cup ( see figs . 3 and 4 ) ; or by sticking a tion of hydrogen . It is essential that the electric power be within proper limits , otherwise the phenomena will not occur , and I have therefore'found it very convenient to employ a wind-up battery , the plates of which can be instantly immersed to any desired depth in the exciting liquid . The one I have used in nearly all the experiments described in this paper consists of ten Smee 's elements , each plate being 7{ inches wide and 11 ? inches deep , single zincs and single silvers , and capable of being immersed about 9 inches in the exciting liquid ; it is sufficiently large to produce the phenomena in rings of mercury 8t inches diameter and -th of an inch wide : with small rings of mercury the plates are immersed only , -ths of an inch deep . It is advisable in all cases to produce the sounds by nearly the minimum of electric power , because they are then generally more uniform and more prolonged . The introduction of a coil of stout copper wire ( containing a soft iron core ) into the circuit will considerably assist the production of sounds if the cells are few in number . 5 . Instantly on passing the electric current , a series of small elevations , which I shall term vibrations or crispations , occur upon the surface of the annular portion of mercury , and impart to it the appearance of a series of transverse ridges , all radiating from the centre of the vessel* ; and these elevations or crispations are accompanied by definite sounds very similar to the humming of a large bee , and capable of being heard under favourable circumstances at a distance of upwards of 50 feet . The sounds are evidently produced by the vibrations . 6 . These elevations are exceedingly definite and uniform in size ; apparently all of them are at exactly the same distance asunder at any given moment if the mercury is undisturbed by other causes ; the distance varies under different circumstances from about -th of an inch to a distance so small as to be scarcely distinguishable by the unassisted eye . The apparent distance asunder of each elevation is probably half the distance of the actual vibrations , because the mercury is raised and depressed with great rapidity at each of those spots : while one spot is in a state of elevation , the next adjoining one is depressed ; and while the former spot is depressed , the latter is elevated , and so on alternately with such great rapidity as to pro* The appearances and their beauty cannot be satisfactorily represented by sketches . a duce upon the eye at any moment the impression of double the number of elevations that actually exist at that moment . Elevations that appeared to be about 1 th of an inch asunder emitted the note F. 7 . The position of the elevations in very narrow rings of mercury is generally uniform , i. e. in lines radiating toward the centre of the vessel when the mercury is undisturbed ; but with rings 4th of an inch wide or upwards the elevations of different portions of the ring frequently fluctuate in their positions ; and under much rarer conditions the whole ring of elevations revolves ( and sometimes rather quickly ) round an imaginary axis in the centre of the vessel , sometimes in one direction and sometimes in the other ; but what the conditions are that determine the rotation or its direction I have not investigated further than to ascertain that the vibrations are not influenced by a strong magnet . The surface of the negative or vibrating mercury never exhibited nodal points . 8 . In addition to the elevations which emit sounds , there are other movements of greater amplitude , i. e. undulations about of an inch in length ; and also other motions of a more violent kind in negative pools of mercury , consisting of upheavals of mercury in large masses at irregular distances from each other , as if large bubbles of gas were beneath ( but no gas . was observed ) , especially in a solution composed of ounces of hydrocyanic acid and 100 grains of hydrate of potash , on first electrolysing it . , Both these motions , like the previous ones , occur at the cathode , but neither of them are attended by appreciable sounds . On rare occasions , with the full power of the battery exerted upon the solution given ( 3 ) , undulations have also been observed in the positive mercury surface , but they emitted no perceptible sounds . 9 . I have not given a full description of all the numerous appearances of the various movements , as similar phenomena ( though produced by other causes ) have been minutely described by Mr. Faraday in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society , 1831 ; and my remarks will be almost entirely confined to the vibrations that produce sounds , because the other , electrolytic movements have already been to a great extent observed and examined by previous investigators . 10 . The phenomenon of definite sound is limited to those crispations whose widths lie within certain limits ; when the widths between the elevations enlarge beyond -t'h of an inch , the sounds cease . Fre quently feeble sounds are heard a few seconds before crispations appear , and sometimes also a short time after they disappear , especially in a solution composed of 2 ! ounces of hydrocyanic acid , 100 grains of hydrate of potash , and 20 grains of cyanide of mercury . In a weak solution of cyanide of potassium the sounds sometimes cease or become inaudible before the elevations disappear ; and in other cyanide solutions I have occasionally observed the sounds and crispations continue a short time after the electric current has been stopped ; there is probably , therefore , a liquid metal and electrolyte which together will emit sounds without the aid of a battery , and I have made a few experiments ( with Ig alloyed with K ) to discover them , but without success . In some cyanide solutions the sounds and crispations cease very suddenly ; but in the one I have given ( 3 ) they remain nearly uniform about ten or fifteen minutes with a feeble electric current , and then diminish gradually as a film is formed upon the anode . The crispations are more steady with a moderate number of large voltaic elements than with a large number of small elements . On some occasions , especially with many elements of small surface , two sets of crispations , one about half the width of the other , will coexist and succeed each other alternately . 11 . In every case the PITCH of the sound varied with the width of the crispations ; the more base the sound , the greater was the distance between the elevations . The loudness of the sound appeared to depend partly upon the depth of the crispations ; but this point I have not determined ; if the specific gravity of mercury was less , or that of the solution greater , the crispations would probably be deeper and the sounds louder . Shallow crispations formed upon mercury in a solution of iodide of potassium evolved no perceptible sound , although their width was about I th of an inch . No loud sounds have been obtained . Rings of mercury 8inches diameter gave no louder sounds than rings 2inches diameter , although the quantity of electricity circulating was much larger , the plates of the battery referred to ( 4 ) being immersed 9 inches deep in the former case and only 1 inch in the latter case . A certain amount of time is occupied in the development of the vibrations , and is distinctly observable where the electric current is feeble ; the vibrations and sounds being gradually developed as the mechanical resistances opposed by inertia , gravity , cohesion , adhesion , friction , & c. of the liquids are gradually over . come . The vibrations are attended by movements in the mass of the liquids , consisting of currents of the electrolyte which flow from the positive to the negative electrode , and of the mercury which flow in an opposite direction ; these I shall leave out of consideration , as they are only secondary results . 12 . Nearly all the experiments described in this paper were made with the solution of cyanide of potassium and mercury already described ( 3 ) . Influence of the Electrodes . 13 . The crispations and sounds never ( or very rarely , and under conditions which I have not recently met with ) occur at the anode ; nor had the mass , size , form , or position of surface , distance , chemical composition , or physical condition of the anode any effect upon the direction of the rows of elevations , nor any direct effect ( their indirect effects will be described hereafter ) upon the sounds . The elevations and sounds occurred with anodes of all sizes and shapes , and in all positions ; also with anodes of platinum wire and sheet . A ring cathode of mercury within a ring anode of mercury gave the sounds equally well . By using a straight and narrow strip of mercury as anode inside a narrow ring cathode , no difference in the size of the crispations at different parts of the ring occurred . 14 . With regard to the influence of the cathode , the sounds occurred as well with a very shallow layer of mercury as with a deep mass . Sounds were obtained with nearly as great facility in the central pool ( if not too large ) by making that the cathode , as in the annular portion . The direction of the rows of elevations was dependent upon the form of the boundary outline of the negative mercury surface ; a rectangular surface gave rectangular rows , and a circular surface gave circular rows , and in each case the rows were parallel to the boundary of the mercury surface : a small shallow ring of gutta percha held upon the surface of a large rectangular cathode of mercury caused the rows of crispations to be circular inside the ring , whilst the rows outside remained rectangular . A convenient apparatus , though a temporary one , for examining the direction of the rows of crispations was made by joining together rectangular pieces of thin sheet-glass by sealing-wax in the form shown in fig . 6 . The vessel is 3 inches long , 2 inches wide , and 1 inch deep ; its lower part is divided into three equal portions by two strips of glass , A and B , about 4th of an inch wide , so as to form spaces C , D , and E for three pools of mercury ; a vertical slide of glass , F , rests by its lower edge upon the central pool of mercury and separates the Fig. 6 . supernatant electrolyte into two equal portions , and causes the central portion of mercury to form two connected pools , and 1\\ to act as a cathode on one side and as an\ anode on the other , the polar wires being immersed in the outer pools . The sounds c ^ . DE and crispations were more definite with narrow strips of mercury 8th of an inch wide than with wider ones , and with annular ones than with circular or rectangular pools : the annular strip may be of any moderate diameter ; the best width of mercury to give a definite sound is about -lth of an inch , because there is then only room for two rows of moderate-sized elevations ; when the rows are numerous , as in a circular or rectangular pool , the vibrations ( and the sounds ) are frequently irregular , and interfere with each other . On several occasions fine white sand was sprinkled upon variously shaped negative surfaces of vibrating mercury , but no signs of nodal points were detected . The liquid state of the cathode appeared to be essential , as no sounds were produced on substituting a fine stretched platinum wire for the negative mercury . The anode nearly always contracts , and the cathode lengthens during the electrolysis , as may be easily verified by employing segments of rings of mercury for the electrodes . 15 . To ascertain the influence of the chemical nature of the cathode , the glass vessel , fig . 2 , open at its lower end , was placed in an outer vessel A , fig . 7 , and portions of Dr. Fig. 7 . Wood 's fusible alloy , composed of 1'5 part cadmium , 2 parts tin , 4 parts lead , and 7*5 parts bismuth , were placed in the central cavity and in the annular A space ; the vessels were then filled about one inch deep , in one experiment with a filtered mixture of 1 ounce of hydrocyanic acid , ? an ounce of water , and 25 grains of hydrate of potash ; and in another experiment with 1 ounce of hydrochloric acid , 1 ounce of water , and 30 grains of chloride of potassium , and the liquid heated by means of a sand-bath to about 180 ? F. to liquefy the alloy* ; various degrees of battery power were then applied in the usual manner , occasionally reversing the electric current , but no crispations or sounds , nor even undulations , occurred in either case . kiluenee of the Electrolyte . 16 . The mass of the electrolyte is not essential to the sounds , it only increases them by enabling a larger quantity of electricity to circulate ; the sounds were readily produced with the thinnest film of liquid upon the surface of the mercury . Several experiments were made to ascertain if the depth of crispations and loudness of sounds would be increased by increasing the specific gravity of the electrolyte by addition of various salts ; but no definite effects of that kind were found on gradually adding portions of saturated solutions of carbonate of potash and bromide of potassium to a good phonetic liquid . 17 . With regard to the influence of the chemical composition of the electrolyte upon the vibrations and sounds , upwards of one hundred liquids , including organic and inorganic acids , concentrated and dilute--aqueous solutions of caustic alkalies-alkaline carbonates , bicarbonates , borates , hypophosphites , phosphites , phosphates , pyrophosphates , hyposulphites , sulphites , sulphates , bisulphates , iodides , iodates , bromides , bromates , chlorides , chlorates , perchlorates , fluorides , nitrites , nitrates , silicates , tungstates , chromates , bichromates , and manganates-salts of alkaline earths , of alumina , chromium , uranium , manganese , and of various organic acids , all of various degrees of dilution , and with different degrees of battery power , were tried , to ascertain if the property of evolving sounds by electrolysis with mercury electrodes was a general property of electrolytes , or only of certain liquids ; but the only ones in which the sounds occurred were moderately dilute aqueous solutions of the cyanides of ammonium , potassium , sodium , barium , strontium , calcium , and magnesium , and best in the cyanides of ammonium and potassium ; no sounds occurred in aqueous hydrocyanic acid , nor in a solution of cyanide of mercury . In nearly all the liquids , movements of the mercury , more or less strong , were produced ; and in solutions of alkaline hyposulphites , iodides , and bromides , especially the iodides , definite undulations evolved sufficient heat to raise its own temperature to 155 ? '3 Fahr . = 4'5 Fahr . degrees . I also previously found that the solution of cyanide of potassium named gave sounds ( after a little use ) readily at 180 ? Fahr . with mercury electrodes . 224 [ Dec. 12 , approaching in size and appearance to the crispations were produced , but in no instance did the sounds occur . Solutions of iodide of ammonium and iodide of potassium did not yield sounds with an electric current made intermittent by means of a contact-breaker . In dilute phosphoric acid the anode enlarged , i. e. fell more flat , and the cathode contracted . 18 . Numerous experiments were made to determine the most suitable conmposition of the electrolyte , also to ascertain the effects of deficiency or excess of each of the ingredients . 1st . With regard to the hydrocyanic acid and hydrate of potash , the best proportions were found to be their chemical equivalents ( or a slight excess of acid ) ; if either the acid or alkali was in much excess , the latter in particular , films soon formed upon the mercury anode and stopped the action ; a very large excess of the acid made the solution liable to become brown and lose its phonetic capacity . 2nd . With regard to the cyanide of mercury , if it was omitted , or if it was present in too small a quantity , the sounds did not occur immediately upon applying the electric current , but only took place after the current had circulated some time ( being occasionally reversed in direction ) , and 1had thereby caused sufficient cyanide of mercury to be formed ; and if it was in excess , the sounds were irregular and feeble . And 3rd . If the solution was diluted with water , the loudness of the sounds diminished , and by further dilution the sounds were altogether prevented ; if the solution contained less than 10 or more than 50 grains of cyanide of potassium per ounce , the sounds rarely occurred . An equivalent quantity of strong aqueous ammonia was substituted for the hydrate of potash with equal advantage , except that the solution was much more liable to decompose and become brown ; and it is probable that the other alkalies might also be substituted for the potash with success . When a solution becomes brown , it loses its phonetic power ; but this decomposition may be prevented , or at least greatly hindered , * In examining these liquids , I observed that if mercury was shaken strongly in a slightly decomposed mixture of 2 ounces of strong hydrocyanic acid , 1 ounce of water , and 30 grains of calcined magnesia , it remained in a finely-divided state during several weeks , and might be washed many times with water without the globules reuniting ; a similar quantity of alumina , or 10 grains of hydrate of potash , was substituted for the magnesia with similar but less effectual results , which , with the potash liquid , were observed only after it was partly decomposed and of a brown colour . particularly in the cyanide of potassium solution , by not employing too great an excess of hydrocyanic acid , and electrolysing the mixture with mercury electrodes as soon as it is made . From the various results obtained , it is evident that the sounds only occur under very special , limited , and probably complex conditions . 19 . The presence of certain impurities in the electrolyte did not prevent the vibrations or sounds ; for instance , chloride of ammonium , nitrate of ammonia , or bromide of potassium , added in moderate quantities to the cyanide of potassium solution , produced no conspicuous effect . 20 . After the current has been passed a long time in one direction and is then reversed , the crispations and sounds do not occur at the cathode for a little time , partly because a layer of liquid containing an excess of cyanide of mercury has been formed at the surface of that electrode , and a layer of liquid with a deficiency of cyanide of mercury has been formed at the other electrode by the previous electrolytic action ; diffusion of these layers by stirring the liquid hastens the reproduction of the crispations and sounds . 21 . By repeating the phonetic experiment many times with unguarded wires ( 4 ) , the cyanide solution gradually loses its power of producing the sounds , probably from acquiring an excess of cyanide of mercury by electrolysis , hydrogen being evolved and mercury replacing it : the loss of power does not result from an alteration in the electrodes , because with the same mercury and a new solution the power was restored , whilst with fresh mercury and the same liquid the power was not restored . The mercury remains unaltered , except absorbing a trace of alkali metal , which is readily removed by washing , and it is therefore not necessary to take fresh mercury for fresh experiments . Influence of Mechanical circumstances and Temperature . 22 . In some solutions ( or with a feeble battery ) , where the crispations did not spontaneously occur , a slight blow with the end of a glass rod against the negative ring induced them to commence , and also a similar blow sometimes stopped them . Frequently , also , when the vibrations have stopped , stirring the liquid reproduces them by mixing the layers of altered liquid that accumulate about the electrodes . 23 . Raising the temperature of the solution to aboout 200 ? Fahr . appeared to have no direct effect upon the vibrations , it only affected them indirectly by allowing more electricity to circulate . The apparatus employed for hot solutions was that shown in fig . 7 ( 15 ) . Influence of the Electric Current . 24 . In nearly all cases the vibrations and sounds were essentially dependent upon the passage of the electric current , and ceased the instant the current was stopped ; the exceptional cases being those already mentioned ( 10 ) , in which the sounds continued a short time after the current was stopped : it is probable that in those cases local electric currents were produced by the action of the water upoi a minute quantity of potassium contained in the mercury , and which had been deposited by the previous electrolysis . 25 . With regard to the influence of the direction of the electric current ; the vibrations and sounds only occurred where the current passed from the electrolyte into the metal , never ( or very rarely , and under conditions which I have not recently met with ) where it passed from the metal to the solution . No direct effect of the direction of the current in the mass of the electrolyte upon the crispations was detected by passing the current either vertically or horizontally through the solution into the cathode . Influence of Size and Number of the Voltaic Elements . 26 . Twenty Smee 's elements , 2 ? inches wide , and immersed of an inch deep , with a mercury ring 1inch diameter and of an inch wide , gave crispations -th of an inch wide , and a coarse base sound ; whilst four Smee 's elements , 7 ? inches wide , and immersed 9 inches deep in the same acid mixture , gave , with the same ring , fine crispations about -2-nd of an inch wide , and a high tone ; and one Grove 's cell , with a platinum plate 12 inches wide and 18 inches deep , and the same ring , gave very faint sounds of high tone without visible crispations in the negative ring , and with fine crispations if the pool of mercury formed the cathode . The crispations produced by the twenty small Smee 's cells ( charged either with acid 1 to 8 or 10 of water or 1 to 24 ) were less regular than those produced by ten elements of the same surfaces , or five pairs of the larger elements . 27 . The least number of Grove 's cells , containing platinum plates 6 inches long and 4 inches wide , with which I have been able to produce a continuous sound , has been one ; and of Smee 's cells three ( 28 ) , except under certain special conditions ( 36 ) : the most suitable number of the former is two , and of the latter from five to ten , according to their size ; if this amount of power was much exceeded , the action became violent , then quiescent , and the sounds cease 'd . 28 . With a ring of mercury Ith of an inch wide and 1Iinch diameter , the smallest number of the Smee 's cells ( 4 ) , -Ist , immersed 8inches , with which the sounds could be obtained was two ; the pitch of the sound was rather high and very feeble ; it lasted only about three seconds , and was not attended by any visible vibrations : 2nd , immersed 5 inches , was three ; the tone was high and sound feeble , for a few seconds with visible crispations , and continued after that more feeble and without visible vibrations : and 3rd , immersed an inch , was four ; the sound was steady , tone moderately high , and crispations 11th of an inch wide . And the largest number that could be successfully used , -lst , immersed 8-1 inches , was eight , and occasionally nine ; the crispations were then very narrow and the action violent : and 2nd , immersed 5 inches , was ten , crispations very narrow and action violent . The largest surface of the ten Smee 's elements that would produce definite crispations and sounds was about 7inches deep by 7-1 inches wide ; and the smallest surface of three elements that would effect it was about 1 or 2 inches deep by 74 inches wide , and then only faint sounds were produced , lasting about two seconds , and unattended by visible vibrations . It is worthy of remark , that a small number of elements of large surface always produced small crispations and high sounds . Influence of Quantity of the Current . 29 . The width of the vibrations and the pitch of the sound are closely connected with , though not solely dependent upon ( 40 ) , the quantity of electricity which passes into a given amount of mercury surface in a given time . With a surface of given size , the width of the crispations was invariably decreased , and the pitch of the sound raised , by either increasing the number of the plates ( their depth of immersion remaining the same ) or their depth of immersion . To ascertain the most suitable quantity of electricity , a voltameter was included in the circuit with the phonetic liquid ; the negative ring of mercury was 2 } inches external diameter , and ~uth of an inch wide =about square inch of surface ; the battery consisted of ten Smee 's elements 71 inches wide ( 4 ) immersed 1inch in the exciting liquid , and the quantity of hydrogen evolved in the meter whilst the ring produced a moderate and steady sound , was 0'47 cubic inch in three minutes ; therefore , with the solution of cyanide of potassium given ( 3 ) , the quantity of electricity required to give a good sound in a ring containing 1 square inch of mercury surface is equal to that which will evolve about cubic inch of hydrogen per minute ; this quantity approaches the minimum required for the purpose . In a series of four other experiments with a ring of mercury containing just one square inch of surface , and yielding a steady sound , the following quantities of hydrogen were evolved in 3 minutes:-A 07 , B 0-69 , C 0-71 , and D 0'685 cubic inch ; that is , A 0'233 , B 0-230 , C 0-236 , and D 0'228 cubic inch per minute : average = cubic inch per minute . 30 . In all cases an increase in the quantity of electricity passing ( either by increase in the depth of immersion of the battery plates , enlargement of the anode , diminution of the cathode , diminution of conduction-resistance in the circuit , removal of films from the anode by stirring , mixture of strata of exhausted electrolyte by stirring , rise of temperature of the electrolyte , & c. ) was attended by an increase in the number and a diminution of the width of the crispations , until at length , by excessive quantity of electricity passing , the movements became violent , and the crispations and sounds suddenly ceased . Too large or too small a quantity of electricity produced undulations ( 8 ) without sounds . 31 . With a given electric current , a wide strip of mercury gave wide crispations and a base sound , and a narrow strip gave narrow crispations and a high sound , because in the latter case the quantity of electricity passing into a given amount of surface was greater than in the former . Diminution of the conductivity of the electrolyte by dilution with water appeared to decrease more the loudness of the sounds than to alter their note , probably by decreasing the specific gravity of the solution , and thus diminishing the depth of the crispations . 32 . In producing the sounds in a circular pool of mercury by gradually immersing the battery plates , the first effects are furrows in the surface of the negative mercury parallel to the boundaries of its surface , i. e. circular furrows , one within the other ; on immersing the plates deeper , transverse furrows occur superimposed upon the others , and thus give rise to the little heaps or elevations ( 5 , 6 , 7 ) of mercury ; the sounds do not occur until the latter furrows are produced . Similar effects may be produced by mechanical means : if a watchglass containing a little mercury is affixed by means of sealing-wax to a flat and horizontal strip of window-glass about 8 inches long and 3 inches wide , supported firmly at its ends , and vibration be induced in the mercury by resting the end of a vertical glass rod upon the strip of glass , and drawing wet fingers with pinching pressure down the rod , and the vibration be gradually augmented , a similar series of changes will be produced by the gradual increase of mechanical power to those produced by a gradual increase of electric power . Influence of the Vibrations upon the Electric Current . 33 . It was found , by interposing a galvanometer ( with a short and thick wire ) in the circuit , that when the vibrations ceased , as they sometimes do very suddenly , the quantity of the electricity passing was instantly diminished , the needles shifting from 22 degrees to 18 an effect , no doubt , of exhausted solution accumulating at the electrodes . To ascertain if the vibrations of the mercury and electrolyte made the electric current intermittent , the current from three Smee 's elements , 7 ? inches wide , immersed 8inches in the exciting liquid , was allowed to circulate through the primary wire of a Ruhmkorff 's induction-coil ( kindly lent to me by Professor G. G. Stokes ) ( the break-hammer being excluded ) and the phonetic liquid , the ends of two fine platinum wires from the secondary terminals being in contact with a drop of solution of iodide of potassium , but no signs of decomposition of the iodide could be detected with the aid of an eye-glass ; on applying , however , the secondary terminals to my tongue , rather sharp shocks were experienced , and could be very distinctly felt with the damp fingers of my two hands ; also a piece of iron of proper size , and suitably held near or in slight contact with the iron core of the coil , could be distinctly felt to vibrate . If only two of the elements , immersed 8inches , were employed , and the mercury electrodes reversed for a short time and then returned to their former position , and thus a temporary suspension of the vibrations ( 20 ) was obtained , no shocks were experienced at the secondary terminals until the vibrations spontaneously recommenced they were then felt distinctly ; nor were any shocks felt whilst a platinum cathode of equal surface ( one square inch ) to the one of mercury was employed as a substitute for the ring , although an equal quantity of electricity appeared to be circulating ; nor were any shocks experienced with two Smee 's elements whilst the pool of mercury formed the cathode , because no vibrations of the mercury then occurred ; but on increasing the number of elements to four ( immersed the same depths ) vibrations commenced , and induction currents occurred and continued , not only whilst the phonetic crispations existed , but also whilst only the circular furrows ( 32 ) , which emit no perceptible sound , were visible . The absence of induced currents with a battery nearly but not quite strong enough to produce vibrations of the mercury , did not arise from a stoppage of the battery current ; for by placing a voltameter in the circuit , conduction was found freely , whilst no movements of the mercury could be seen . The strength of the induced currents increased with the loudness of the sounds . It appears , therefore , that the intermittency was not produced by simple electrolysis of the solution , but by the vibrations , and was not limited to such vibrations as produced audible sounds . Influence of Coils of Wire in the Circuit . 34 . Experiment 1 . A coil of copper wire containing 154 feet of size " No. 26 " was included in the circuit with eight Smee 's elements ( 4 ) immersed 8 ? inches , and a phonetic vessel : without the coil the vibrations were very fine , and the sound acute and loud ; but with the coil they were coarse , and the sound base and feeble . Experiment 2 . A coil containing 272 feet of " No. 19 " copper wire included in the circuit produced similar effects . And , Experiment 3 . A ring of soft iron weighing pounds , outer diameter 12 inches , inner diameter 8 inches , formed of cylindrical metal 2 inches thick , had wound upon it in the manner of an electro-magnet 1521 feet of four parallel and separately-insulated copper wires , size " No. 17 . " Six pairs of plates , immersed 8 ? inches , were connected in circuit , first with one length , and then with two , three , and four continuous lengths of the wire ; every additional length of the wire made the vibrations wider , the sound baser and more feeble . With three elements only and the total length ( 610feet ) of wire in the circuit , the crispations were coarse and the sounds very feeble ; and on adding to the length of the wire by interposing an electro-magnet ' containing 390 feet of " No. 12 " copper wire , the vibrations and sounds were scarcely perceptible . With twenty Smee 's elements , 21inches wide and I inch deep , crispations --th of an inch wide occurred , and were unaffected by introducing 24-0 feet of coiled double copper wire ( size " No. 17 " ) into the circuit ; whilst with four Smee 's , 7inches wide and 9 inches deep , the crispations were of an inch wide , and instantly became -ilth of an inch wide on introducing the 240 feet of double wire into the circuit ; and with a single Grove 's cell , platinum plate 18 inches deep and 12 inches wide , a high and very feeble sound occurred ( without visible crispations unless the pool formed the cathode ) ; but on interposing the 240 feet of double wire , crispations of moderate width at once occurred in the ring , and evolved a loud sound . Other similar experiments yielded similar results . In all cases the greater the length of the wire ( and apparently also the smaller its diameter ) up to a certain limit , the louder and more steady were the sounds ; and beyond that the feebler were the sounds , until at length both vibrations and sounds entirely ceased . 35 . It was repeatedly observed that the smallest number of Smee 's elements , immersed 8 inches , with which the sounds could , under ordinary circumstances , be produced , was three ; but on interposing the primary wire of a Ruhmkorff 's coil in the circuit , or the wire of the electro-magnet ( 34'- ) , continuous vibrations and sounds were obtained with only two elements ; and with the same battery and a mixed gas voltameter in the circuit , it required seven to produce sounds without the coil , and five with it . 36 . To further examine the influence of coils of wire upon the range of battery power which might be employed , I made a number of experiments , which are not necessary to be described in detail , as they are all of a similar character to those just described ( 34 , 35 ) ; the results are as follows:-lst . The introduction of a suitable coil of * The electro-magnet consisted of a horseshoe 14 inches from poles to bend , formed of a cylindrical bar 1inch thick . t The voltameter contained 33 square inches of acting surface of platinum in each electrode , and was filled with a mixture of 1 measure of pure sulphuric acid and 34 measures of distilled water . copper wire ( i. e. 300 or 400 feet of sizes " Nos. 10 to 14 " ) , containing a massive iron core , enlarged the phonetic range of battery power in each direction ; it enabled a less number of elements and a less surface of plate to produce continuous sounds , and also enabled a larger surface of the largest number ( 10 ) to be used ; in the latter case it probably acted in part by diminishing the quantity of electricity . 2nd . An extreme length of thick wire ( equal to between 900 and 1000 feet of size " No. 12 " ) , coiled upon massive iron , also enabled a less number of elements to produce a continuous sound , but the vibrations were wider and the sounds much more feeble than with a medium length . And , 3rd . A short length of thick wire ( 30 feet of size " No. 10 " ) without an iron core , or a long length of thin wire ( 154 feet of size " No. 26 " ) without an iron core , did not enable a smaller number of elements to produce continuous sounds . With a small number of large elements , and a coil of thick wire to assist in developing the crispations , it was frequently the case that the sounds did not occur for a short time ; and in still feebler cases the mercury required the assistance of mechanical disturbance ( 22 ) to enable the crispations and sounds to commence . It appears singular that although a coil of wire must make the current more feeble , it should enable a battery to produce the sounds which was already too feeble to produce them . 37 . A massive unexcited thermo-electric battery of thirty pairs of bismuth and antimony , interposed in the circuit with four Smee 's elements 7inches wide and 9 inches deep , had no perceptible effect upon the vibrations . A fine platinum wire 2 inches long , interposed in a circuit with a battery and phonetic vessel , became red-hot , and caused the vibrations to become wider , and the tone of the sound lower than when the wire was excluded , probably by diminishing the quantity of the current . No new effects were observed on using an intermittent current from the primary wire of a small induction-coil instead of the unaltered current direct from the battery . Influence of Induction Coils and Iron Cores . 38 . A current of electricity from three Smee 's elements immersed 8 ? inches was passed through the primary wire of a Ruhmkorff 's coil ( without a break-hammer ) and a phonetic vessel ; on closing the secondary circuit by a drop of solution of iodide of potassium or by VOL . XII . a wire , the crispations became about one-half their previous width and more steady ; the sounds also increased in loudness , and their tone rose considerably . On gradually increasing the number of elements from three to ten , and at the same time gradually diminishing their depth of immersion to -|ths of an inch , these effects of the closed secondary circuit gradually and considerably diminished , and ceased altogether when twenty Smee 's elements , 2inches wide , and immersed about 1 or 2 inches , were employed . If the current from the ten large elements was passed through the fine or secondary wire of the coil , and a very small phonetic cathode of mercury ? an inch long and 1-th of an inch wide , similar effects were obtained on closing the circuit of the inner coil of large wire . 39 . On inserting a cylindrical bundle of iron wires , 6 inches long and 1l inch diameter , in the axis of the coil of Experiment 2 ( 34 ) , the coil being in circuit with a phonetic vessel , and three Smee 's elements , the crispations became a little wider and the sounds a little more base . Also one length , 1521 feet of " No. 17 " copper wire , wound upon the massive soft iron ring of Experiment 3 ( 34 ) , in circuit with seven elements , immersed 8$ inches , and a phonetic liquid , lowered the tone of the sounds much more than a coil of 1372 feet of " No. 19 " copper wire containing no iron core . Much more conspicuous effects of the presence of an iron core were obtained as follows : The coil of Experiment 2 ( 34 ) was connected in circuit with two Smee 's elements immersed 81 inches , and a phonetic ring 17inch external diameter and Ith of an inch wide ; very narrow 89 crispations occurred , which lasted only about ten seconds ; but on inserting the cylindrical bundle of wires , the crispations became double their previous width , and the sounds baser and long continued . And in a second experiment with the coil connected as a double wire 136 feet long , without the core the crispations were continuous and rather narrow , and with the core they were much more coarse and the sounds more feeble . 40 . But the most decisive effects , both of core and secondary coil , were obtained with a moveable core 8inches long and 2* inches diameter , containing 6 lbs . of size " No. 32 " annealed iron wires ; a primary coil consisting of 240 feet of double copper wire , size " No. 17 , " in circuit with four Smee 's elements ( 4 ) connected as two pairs , and a secondary coil containing feet of " No. 26 " copper wire . The presence of an iron core in the coil , therefore , has a similar effect to the coil itself , i. e. it makes the vibrations wider and the pitch of the sound lower ; and in making the crispations wider , up to about oith of an inch , the sounds also become louder , and beyond that width the sounds become more feeble ; and the presence of a closed secondary coil has the reverse effect , it makes the vibrations narrower , and the pitch of the sound higher . These effects of an iron core diminished on increasing the number of elements to ten , and decreasing their depth to 4-ths of an inch , and ceased entirely on employing 20 Smee 's elements 2inches wide , immersed I or 2 inches , the same as with the closed secondary ( 38 ) . 41 . The effects of a closed secondary coil and of an iron core upon the vibrations produced by a current from a battery of low intensity being of opposite kinds , if the two are suitably adjusted , they neutralize each other 's effects . The moveable secondary coil containing 4243 feet of " No. 26 " copper wire was arranged with the iron core and primary coil of the previous experiment(40 ) , and six of the large Smee 's elements ( 4 ) connected as three : with the core and without the closed secondary coil , the crispations were very wide ; with the closed secondary and without the core , they were very narrow ; and with the core and closed secondary acting together , they were of medium width , about the same as if neither the core nor the closed secondary were present : the effects were very conspicuous . These opposite effects of an iron core and closed secondary coil upon the phonetic vibrations are analogous to their opposite effects upon the brightness of the spark at the break-hammer of an inductioncoil ; the iron core increases , and closing the secondary coil decreases that brightness . A cylindrical core of antimony 9 inches long and 2-4 inches diameter , employed instead of the iron core , had no perceptible effect upon the vibrations . 42 . A pole of a strong electro-magnet ( 34 ) was applied to the end of the iron core of the Ruhmkorff 's coil whilst the primary wire ( without a break-hammer ) was in circuit with a phonetic liquid and three Smee 's elements ( 4 ) immersed 8-i inches : with the secondary coil closed , and small crispations occurring , magnetization of the electromagnet slightly raised the tone of the sounds if the magnetic poles in contact were dissimilar , and lowered it if they were similar ; and with the secondary circuit open and large crispations occurring , the chief effect of the magnet was at the moment of its demagnetization ; it then affected the tone of the sounds momentarily , and the position of the crispations strongly , both when the approximated poles were similar and when they were dissimilar , but in the greatest degree when they were similar . Influence of Electrolytes in the Circuit . 43 . No new effects were observed on interposing in the circuit with a phonetic vessel an electrolytic cell containing mercury electrodes and a solution of iodide of potassium or dilute sulphuric acid , they only appeared to influence the vibrations and sounds by diminishing the quantity of the electric current . Several vessels containing phonetic solutions and annular mercury electrodes were placed in one circuit , and sounds readily produced in all of them at the same time . Influence of Magnetism . 44 . Many experiments were made to ascertain if magnetism affected the vibrations ; the phonetic liquid , with cathodes of various sizes , was placed in every imaginable position to the electromagnet ( 34 ) strongly excited , in some cases with the armature of the magnet dipping into the electrolyte , but no effect of the magnetism upon the size or direction of the crispations ( or in any other way ) was detected . 
" On the Physical Constitution of the Sun and Stars . " By G. JOHNSTONE STONEY , M.A. , F.R.S. , F.R.A.S. , Secretary to the Queen 's University in Ireland . Received May 15 , 1867 . ( See page 1 . ) I. " Second List of Nebulae and Clusters observed at Bangalore with the Royal Society 's Spectroscope ; " preceded by a Letter to Professor G. G. Stokes . By Lieut . JOHN HERSCHEL , R.E. Communicated by Prof. STOKES . Received July 20 , 1868 . ( See page 58 . ) II . " On the Lightning Spectrum . " By Lieut . JOHN HERSCHEL , R.E. Communicated by Prof. STOKES . Received August 8 , 1868 . ( See page 61 . ) III . " Products of the Destructive Distillation of the Sulphobenzolates."No . II . By JOHN STENHOUSE , LL . D. , F.R.S. , & c. Received September 8 , 1868 . ( See page 62 . ) IV . " Compounds Isomeric with the Sulphocyanic Ethers.-II . Homologues and Analogues of Ethylic Mustard-oil . " By A. W. HOFMANN , Ph. D. , M.D. , LL . D. Received September 11 , 1868 . ( See page 67 . ) V. " Account of Spectroscopic Observations of the Eclipse of the Sun , August 18 , 1868 . " In a Letter addressed to the President of the Royal Society by Captain C. T. HAIG , R.E. Communicated by the President . Received September 21 , 1868 . ( See page 74 . ) VI . " Account of Observations of the Total Eclipse of the Sun , made August 18th , 1868 , along the coast of Borneo . " In a Letter addressed to H.M. Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs , by HIis Excellency J. POPE HENNESSY , Governor of Labuan . Corn municated by the Right Hon. Lord STANLEY , F.R.S. Received October 8 , 1868 . ( See page 81 . ) VII . " Further Particulars of the Swedish Arctic Expedition . " In a Letter addressed to the President , by Professor NORDENSKIOLD . Communicated by the President . Received October 15 , 1868 . ( See page 91 . ) VIII . " Notice of an Observation of the Spectrum of a Solar Prominence . " By J. N. LOCKYER , Esq . , in a Letter to the Secretary . Communicated by Dr. SHARPEY . Received October 21 , 1868 . ( See page 91 . ) IX . " On a New Series of Chemical Reactions produced by Light . " By JOHN TYNDALL , LL . D. , F.R.S. , & c , Received October 24 , 1868 . ( See page 92 . ) X. " Account of the Solar Eclipse of 1868 , as seen at Jamkandi in the Bombay Presidency . " By Lieut . J. HERSCHEL , R.E. Communicated by Prof. G , G. STOKES , Sec . R.S. Received October 19 , 1868 , To the President , Council , and Fellows of the Royal Society . GENTLEMEN , The time has arrived when I must offer for your acceptance a connected report of the employment of the instruments intrusted to me for the special purpose of observing the late solar eclipse . 1 . Plan of this Report . In framing this Report I propose in the first place to describe those instruments sufficiently in detail to render unnecessary such explanations as would otherwise be required in the course of my narrative , and then to show the circumstances which preceded their actual employment on that occasion . 2 . Description of Telescope and clockwork . The principal instrument is an equatorially mounted telescope , with a lens of 5 inches aperture and 62 inches focal length . The mounting is adapted to any latitude ( except very low and very high ones ) , the polar axis being a moveable tangent to the circular-arched roof of the chamber containing the clockwork . The latter , as well as the rest of the instrument , is by Messrs. Cooke and Sons , of York , and is , as I understood from Mr. Cooke , of a somewhat novel description . I have not examined the mechanism closely , and therefore cannot describe it very accurately ; but I believe the peculiarity consists in the maintenance of continuous motion in a fan-wheel , regulated by a pendulum time-keeper acted on through a remontoir escapement , whereby the irregularity of the surplus energy of the driving-weight , while it is prevented by the latter from interfering with the time-keeper at all , is modified in its action on the tube by the former . The mean rate of motion is 104 [ Nov. 19 , thus uniform ; and though there is very perceptible irregularity in the actual motion , it is not intermittent . Thus , when the image of a star , for instance , is brought on the slit of the spectrum-apparatus , the spectrum is fitful in appearance , if the slit is perpendicular to the direction of diurnal motion . The mean motion may be easily regulated as in a pendulum-clock . The motion is communicated by friction to the first of a series of wheels which terminates in an endless screw working in the circumference of a large toothed arc attached to the hour-axis . Motion imparted by hand to one of these wheels , grooved and provided for this purpose with an endless cord , is thus communicated directly to the tube without greater strain on the clock than is implied in overcoming the connecting friction . 3 . Its Mounting . The declination-axis terminates in a T-shaped head carrying two circular collars , in which the telescope-tube rests . For convenience in mounting and dismounting , these collars are attached to the T-head by nut and pins , so that they lift off with the tube , while the balance can be adjusted by releasing their grasp of the tube when required . This is a great convenience in a portable instrument . The tube can be dismounted and taken indoors readily without assistance ; and the body of the instrument ( which , besides being far less easily handled , has cost hours of adjustment ) may be left under a suitable waterproof case when no observatory has been constructed . 4 . Its Stand . The stand is a strong wooden one , of remarkably firm construction , considering that it is of the three-legged portable kind . Its upper surface is a stout brass annulus , on which the clock-chamber rests and rotates , if required , for adjustment in azimuth . Two of the legs have foot-screws for adjusting the level and completing the adjustment for latitude . 5 . Of the Spectroscope . The spectroscope intended for use with the above telescope was constructed by Messrs. Simms , on a pattern or design supplied ( I believe ) by Mr. Huggins ; but its construction was too much delayed to allow of a practical examination of all its parts before packing . It consists of a single flint-glass prism , of refracting angle 60 ? , contained in a cylindrical brass chamber , from which radiate three tubes in such directions as to fulfil the several purposes of ( 1 ) receiving the light to be analyzed , ( 2 ) delivering it after refraction and separation to the eye , and ( 3 ) admitting external light for reflection to the eye off the second surface of the prism . The first consists externally of a long connecting tube for insertion into the telescope in place of the ordinary eye-tube , where it is grasped in the focusing-slide . Internally it carries a smaller tube , carrying at one end a lens , and at the other , at the principal focal distance of the latter , a beautiful piece of workmanship by which a slit is obtained whose sides i2 1868 . ] approach each other equally . Half the length of this slit may be obscured by the intervention of a right-angled prism , which reflects a side light through it if required . The converging rays from the object-glass falling on the slit are admitted , while those which do not are stopped . The former diverging again , as though from a luminous line , emerge from the next lens and fall on the prism as parallel rays , are independently refracted and dispersed in traversing it , and after emergence are again condensed , but not reunited , by the object-glass in the small telescope composing the second of the above-mentioned tubes , and , forming a spectrum in its focus , are viewed as such by an eyepiece . Means of measurement . The direction of emergence defines the position in the spectrum ; and the difference of direction is measured by the change of direction of the small telescope necessary to receive the several refracted rays directly . This change of direction is effected and measured by a tangent screw , whose complete revolutions are indicated by the march of a graduated scale ( attached to the telescope-arm ) over a circle marked on the circumference of the divided cylindrical head of the screw . The position of the centre of motion of the telescope-arms , it should be said , though optically unimportant , is practically within the prism . By the help of a reading-lens the revolutions , and tenths and hundredths of a revolution , can be easily read off by a very slight movement of the eye from the eyepiece . New graduated Scale for micrometer measures . A mistake having occurred in graduating the scale , I substituted one of my own making . As I was fortunate in this , I may venture to describe how it was effected . The graduation required was too fine for any ink lines I could make ; I therefore varnished a piece of card , and drew fine lines at the proper intervals on the shellac-coating with a sharp blade ; and applying a little ink , these were instantly rendered visible . I then cut the card across the lines and glued the scale so formed over the old one with varnish , giving the whole a dash of varnish for the sake of protection . When dry I was gratified to find the graduation correspond well with the revolutions ; for it was rather a delicate job , and I did not succeed without failures . 6 . Graduated Scale in the Field of View . The third tube was intended to present in the field of view of the telescope last described , by external reflection off the second surface of the prism , an illuminated image of a photographed scale placed at one end of the tube , in the principal focus of a lens at the other . The tube carries a small moveable mirror outside . Upon this mirror was intended to be thrown the light of a small lamp , held n position by a bent arm projecting from the prism-chamber . I am sorry to say that this ingenious contrivance proved , in my hands , more unsatisfactory than perhaps it should have done . As in not using it I departed from the letter of my instructions , I am in a measure bound to explain my reasons for discarding it . Reasons for discarding it . In the first place , I never could with any kind of illumination train my eye to read the scale , partly because ( whether from diffraction or irradiation ) the image was never distinct , partly because the figures were illegible . In the next place the little lamp was capricious ; either it refused to keep alight , or it boiled its own oil and melted off its handles , and ended by burning my fingers ! Thirdly , it was an additional weight at the eye-end of the telescope and involved a counterpoise when not in use , and an additional projection to be avoided in every movement in the dark , all implying additional distractions and sources of failure . Lastly , I found I could do very well without it-in the preliminary training which I underwent on examining the nebulae . At the same time I must confess that I made an oversight in trusting too much to the illuminating power of a hand-lamp , as will be apparent when I come to describe the actual eclipse-observations . 7 . Smaller Telescopes and Polarizers . The second instrument supplied was an achromatic refractor of 3 inches aperture mounted with vertical and horizontal axes , the socket of the former being supported on a three-legged wooden stand , afterwards replaced by one of greater stability and more convenient height . Two cells , containing a double-image prism and quartz plate , and the combination known as Savart 's polariscope , respectively , were supplied for use with this telescope , but without any connecting adaptation . 8 . Hand Spectroscopes . The other instruments were hand spectroscopes for direct vision , four in number , which I was directed to distribute according to circumstances , It is needless to describe these instruments , as they are well known ; but I must venture to correct a statement made at a meeting of the Royal Asiatic Society last December , that they have a magnifying-power of 8 or 10 . I do n't think they can be credited with a higher power than 3 ; and I was never able to recognize any of the peculiar characteristics of nebular or stellar spectra , the recognition of which might have been expected with the higher magnifying-power . 9 . Arrival in India and communication with Colonel Walker , R.E. Soon after my arrival in India I communicated with Colonel Walker , with the object of receiving his instructions and of ascertaining whether hie had decided on any plan , and , if not , to learn his views with reference to the assistance I might expect from the Survey Establishment . The choice of a station of observation and the disposal of the instruments were also discussed in the course of correspondence . 10 . His Reply , and application to the Indian Government . Colonel Walker 's action in this matter has been most gratifying . He immediately promised me the assistance of Lieut . W. Maxwell Campbell , of the Bombay Engineers , one of the executive officers of our Department , at that time engaged with myself and others in measuring a base-line in the neighbourhood of Bangalore , for the polarization-observations or otherwise , as I might arrange with him . He also placed at my future disposal forthe occasion the services of Lieut . Campbell 's assistants , in case such should be required , at the same time presenting to the Indian Government an urgent proposal to give the Royal Society 's expedition both countenance and support . I enclose a copy of the reply to this proposal , in which it will be observed that the Governor General in Council " cordially approves , " and " sanctions the necessary expenditure , " and pledges the Government " to do everything in its power towards securing fill and accurate observations " on the occasion pledge fully redeemed by the ready assent given to more than one other application . I am accordingly enabled to submit to your Society my present Report unaccompanied by any further appeal to your Treasurer . 11 . Step-s taken to procure local information as to weather c. The local Governments were also applied to to give effect to the circulation of a series of queries calculated to elicit local information as to probable climate at numerous points situated along the line of shadow . This was the more necessary , as my position at Bangalore ( in the very centre of the peninsula ) seemed to give a so much greater range of choice . In this respect also a warm interest was evinced . I wish I could add that the mass of correspondence which resulted was productive of an equal amount of valuable information . The practical value was chiefly confined to extracts from rain-registers , the principal question relating to probable cloudiness or otherwise being perhaps necessarily replied to too vaguely to form legitimate grounds for decision , owing in great measure to the fact that August is one of the most uncertain months in the year , in that respect , in southern India . Rough notion of rain distribution across the peninsula in August . On the whole , however , it appeared that across the whole width of the peninsula cloudy weather was to be expected at that season ; and there was therefore no choice but what could be based on rainfall . The annexed diagram represents the impression ( necessarily a vague one ) remaining on my mind after considering the reports . On the west coast anything up to 25 inches a week has been recorded in August ; on the eastern slopes of the western Ghauts the fall seems both smaller and more regular , 6 to 10 inches being the usual fall in the month of August . Further inland we come to a tract notorious for its dryness , several places , such as Gokak , Jamkandi , Bejapuir , and others thereabouts , being favoured with occasional showers only . I attributed this to the descent into a lower and hotter region of the prevailing south-west current , the greater part of whose moisture had been deposited during the disturbance of strata caused by passing over the sudden barrier of the Ghauts . Beyond this again , eastwards , theire is a gradual rise in the amount due in August , until towards the east coast the average fall is again 6 or 8 inches . 12 . Jamkandi selected . Jamkandi , the residence of a native chief , was among the first to attract my attention , partly owing to the offers of assistance which were made in the name of the chief ; and this place was eventually selected for the advantages of climate which it appeared to offer . 13 . Distribution of the Instruments . Lieut . Campbell , R.E. In the meantime the distribution of the instruments was attended to . The smaller telescope with polarizing eyepieces was made over to Lieut . Campbell with a copy of the " Instructions , " in the full assurance that he would acquaint himself with the theory and practice necessary to turn them to account . I annex a copy of his Report , the perusal of which will show that the instrument was in good hands . It is much to be regretted that he was not permitted to give more practical evidence of the forethought which characterized his preparations . I am also sorry that he has not given a fullerdescription of the ingenious contrivance which he designed and constructed for the ready application of the analyzers to the eyepiece . The annexed rough sketch ( from memory ) mayhelp to give a correct idea of the contrivance . I apprehend that in the event of fair weather he would be able to settle the question of polarity readily , and would have leisure to make use of a hand spectroscope as well . One of these instruments also was therefore made over to him . 14 . Captain Haig , R.E. Colonel Walker had further consented to allow another of our executive officers ( Captain Haig , R.E. ) to leave his regular duties for a time if he wished . As he was stationed at Poona and could avail himself of the railway as far as the border of the shadow 's path , I offered him , and he accepted , the charge of another of the hand spectroscopes . Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company 's Agent , Captain Henry , Superintendent at Bombay . Lastly , I communicated with the agents of the Peninsular and Oriental Company at Calcutta and Madras Bay , and eventually intrusted the remaining two spectroscopes to the latter for employment on board two vessels , outwardand homeward-bound , which would probably be on the track at the right time . 16 . Memorandum of explanations and suggestions for use of Hand Spectroscopes . It was necessary , however , not only to distribute these instruments , but also to provide for their being intelligently employed in unpractised hands . I accordingly drew up a short memorandum with the object of putting it into the power of those interested to understand as much of the subject as seemed necessary , and of suggesting the probable appearances which might be presented . A copy of the pamphlet accompanies this Report . 1 7 . Examination of Nebul & e as bearing on the main subject . While these arrangements were in progress I was myself engaged with the equatorial in the examination of the southern nebulae , to which I devoted as much time as the duties of my profession enabled me to do . The weather was very favourable in March ( towards the middle of which month the base-line was completed ) , in April , and until the middle of May ; but from that time until the latter end of June , when the instrument had to be despatched , I hardly got a single observation , owing to the setting-in of the south-west monsoon . I congratulated myself on having been able to use the fine nights we had had . The results , showing the nature of the spectra of about fifty nebulae , have been already communicated to your Secretary ; there is therefore no occasion to enter into particulars on this subject here , except as bearing on instrumental peculiarities not previously touched upon , and as suggesting the probability that a considerable familiarity with the special kind of observation had been acquired , as well as with the individual instrument . Those who are acquainted with the spectroscope as applied to a telescope will remember that it involves several additional screws to be attended to , and that the finding of these mechanically in the dark is no inconsiderable perplexity until habit has taught the way . But this by the way . 18 . The Finder , and the trouble it gave . The finder attached to the telescope has a very low magnifying-power and decidedly bad definition-so much so that even Saturn can scarcely be recognized with it ; none but the most conspicuous nebulae and clusters are visible ; I have looked in vain for the planetary nebula in Lyra with it , though it was certainly in the field ; and of all the planetary nebulae in the southern hemisphere , only two ( Nos. 2102 & 4510 ) are noted by me as " visible in finder . " It was therefore almost always necessary to find with the principal , by the setting ; and afterwards either to exchange the light eyepiece for the heavy spectroscope ( removing at the same time a counterpoise ) without disturbing the direction , if possible , or to take the bearings of the most conspicuous stars visible in the finder . But as there never was and never could be any certainty that in the act of insertion a disturbance sufficient to displace the image from the position the slit should occupy would not take place , the latter method became the surest , if the most troublesome . [ The connecting-tube , I should remark , cost me , literally , days of worry and grinding before I could induce it to slide in and out at all . ] If after these precautions the result of a blind search was negative , the whole had to be done de novo . What with removing and replacing the spectroscope , inserting eyepieces and 'counterpoises , setting the readings , searching in both finder and telescope , winding the driving-clock over and over again , in endless combination , all by the light of a bull's-eye lantern , perhaps without catching a single spectrum all night , I often found four or five hours ' observing ( ? ) more fatiguing than a long walk . It may appear strange that I did not replace the finder by a better telescope . I can only say that India is not England , and Bangalore is not London . The idea did not occur to me as a practical one , and I was nervously afraid of making any alteration which might leave me worse off than I was . A bad finder was after all no great matter , for the eclipse and the nebule could wait . At the same time I wish now that my finder had been more serviceable as a telescope for I got ; but a poor sight of the eclipse with it . 19 . Further preparations , Observatory , yc . To return to my preparations . In the utter absence of any precise knowledge of the appearances which would be presented , but anticipating a faint spectrum as the most probable , all my preliminary arrangements had in view as complete an exclusion of external light as practicable . A wooden frame was constructed for an observatory with a revolving roof , the latter being covered with painted canvas . A large black curtain was provided , through the centre of which were to be passed the observing-end of the telescope and finder , and the declination-clamp and slow-motion screw . A segment of the octagonal observing-chamber would thus be in a great measure protected from the light which might be expected to enter the limited aperture in the roof . 20 . The Expedition leaves Bangalore . The instruments , observatory , and camp-equipage started from Bangalore on the 7th of July , and reached on the 7th of August-a creditable march of 390 miles in 31 days ( including halts ) in the height of the rainy season . My subsequent experience of the state to which so-called " made " roads may be reduced , in these parts of India , by a few days ' rain , afforded grounds for self-congratulation that the journey was accomplished as quickly as it was . I followed on the 1st of August , and reached Jamkandi on the morning of the 14th . The journey was so exceedingly disagreeable a one that I shall say no more about it . 21 . Arrival at Jamkandi . By the evening of the 14th the observatory was put together and the telescope & c. ready for adjustment . 22 . Prospects . I was surprised and considerably disappointed to learn that the weather had been for some days past as cloudy as I found it . I had left heavy rain behind me at Belgaum , and found none at Jamkandi certainly ; but the sky was thick with passing cloud . I was told that it was quite unusual , and that it could not last ; but by the morning of the 18th both Lieut . Campbell and myself had made up our minds not to be disappointed ( if we could help it ) , should we be denied more than a few glimpses . 23 . Bad weather not unusual at this season . I learned afterwards that at some time or other at that season a burst usually takes place on the Ghauts , causing a sudden and violent flood in all the rivers , and that the influence of this extends beyond their limits and occasions the fortnight of cloudy skies and scanty rainfall which such places as Jamkandi enjoy once a year . This periodical flood had occurred between the time of our camp 's and our own arrival ; and we were now experiencing the cloudy season . It was very unfortunate , but could hardly have been foreseen . Not only our own party , but others in the neighbouring district of Bejapiur were unlucky . Three days later the whole aspect of the country was changed . The rivers subsided ; the heat which we had expected , but missed , began to make itself felt ; the villanous black soil hardened ; and the natives said confidently that their rainy season was past , and that the rivers would not rise again till next year . 24 . Lieut . Campbell 's Station . On the 17th Lieut . Campbell selected his position on a hill about a mile distant . We had agreed that the character of the clouds was such that a greater separation was unnecessary , owing to their uniform distribution and regular current . 25 . Final preparations . I come at length to the more interesting part of my narrative . The three days and nights which preceded the event were occupied in adjusting the polar axis , in examining every adjustment that could or could not require it , in exchanging the broad coarse pointer which I had used for night work for a stout but sharp needle , in going over and over again a mental review of the probable appearances and the possible contingencies which might arise . The three months ' disuse , too , since I had to give up the nebulre , made fresh exercise necessary . Among other things , I concluded not to alter the pendulum , long ago adjusted for sidereal time . The difference of rate being only 1 in 365 for mean time ( and 1 in 388 for solar time at that date ) , the telescope would only gain on the sun by less than one second during the 5 ' minutes of totality ; so that even supposing I should wish to keep it directed on one and the same point the whole time , the practical effect would only be that that point would move along the slit by perhaps I5 part of its visible length ( estimating that length , or the width of the field , at 5 ' ) . I mention this as the " Instructions " direct the adjustment to apparent solar time . 26 . Disuse of the Barlow Lens accounted for . In one other respect , too , I must plead guilty to a departure from the letter of those instructions , which hardly perhaps needs justification ; I allude to the disuse of the Barlow lens . My reason was principally this , that its insertion keeps the observer some 6 inches further from the body of the instrument , and , besides involving a complete disturbance of equilibrium , puts him out of reach of the declination screwresults which I could not but think had not been contemplated . I should add that I was quite confident of the practicability of catching a prominence , without having its image doubled in size , though I was by no means so sure that I could spare any of the light , which would be reduced one-fourth . 27 . Care in adjusting the Pointer during the approach of the Moon . During the advance of the moon , and up to the last available moment , I paid particular attention to the collimation ( I use the word in its true sense of aim ) of the needle-point , being perhaps unnecessarily anxious to avoid my old difficulty of finding my object in the spectroscope . The sharp cusps were well suited to this purpose , and the sun-spots were good tests . I had been fortunate in getting the pointer very exact , and was therefore not troubled with any collimation-error to allow for . 28 . Spectrum at the Moon 's centre . While thus employed I had occasion to remark that at the centre of the moon , some nine or ten minutes before totality , the intensity of the solar spectrum was much about the same as that of the full moon . 29 . Measurement of Solar Lines . Intensity of Spectrum of Limb at D.The principal solar lines were measured at intervals during the advancing eclipse . A few minutes before totality , in going over these lines for the last time , the slit being as wide as was allowable for full sunlight , i. e. very narrow , I recorded an increasing brilliancy in the spectrum in the neighbourhood of D , so great in fact as to prevent any measurement of that line till an opportune cloud moderated the light . I am not prepared to offer any explanation of this . The clouds were arranged in two distinct strata , the lower one containing masses hurrying past with the monsoon-current at no great height , the upper consisting of light , thinly scattered cirri showing very little motion . It is conceivable that the latter may have been obstinately interposed until the time when I remarked the recorded brilliancy ; but I cannot say that I should be satisfied with such an explanation . Whiteness of the Crescent . I also remarked that the whiteness of the crescent , as seen in the finder , was apparently intensified as it grew narrower . Possibly this was the effect of contrast with the darkening background ; for at this time I began to be annoyed by the appearance of five or six phantom crescents , which seemed to be trying to rival the legitimate one . I imagine I was indebted to the dark glass for these apparitions ; but whatever called them up , they most effectually confused the view of the closing scene ; whatever might otherwise have been seen at this stage was swamped in the confusion . 30 . Restlessness during approach of shadow . Up to within about ten minutes of totality I was every now and then outside watching progress through one or the other of two smaller telescopes of moderate power , one of which I had borrowed from the chief , who indulges a taste for the possession of English manufactures to an extraordinary degree . I noticed no marked inequalities of surface in the advancing limb , nor any bluntness of the cusps ; but I must allow that I was not in a sufficiently composed state of mind to observe critically anything not bearing directly on the special problem before me . I was impressed with a notion that everything must be subordinated , in my case , to the requisite freedom of attention when totality commenced , and was specially anxious to save my eyesight . I studiously avoided looking at the sun except under cover of a cloud ; and though I had provided the telescopes with graduated smoked glasses , I was nervously afraid to look through them too long or too intently-all which can only be understood by referring to what has been said about the absence of any foreknowledge of the impending revelation . My last view of external appearances showed nothing very striking a few deeply neutral-tinted patches of sky in the zenith , and an increasing gloominess in all directions , being all the phenomena whose impression has outlived the excitement of the shortlived minutes which ensued . I reentered the observatory , and retired behind my black curtain to watch the event . 31 . Gentlemen , I have thus far endeavoured to lay before you , as far as possible , in an orderly manner , an outline of the preliminary arrangements for the employment of your Society 's instruments , and a sketch of my proceedings up to the hour of the eclipse . If in so doing I have been unnecessarily tedious , I would ask you to remember that these few pages but faintly represent the months of anxious study and preparation which have passed since I accepted the responsibility involved in the charge of an ex pedition deputed by the illustrious body I have now the honour of addressing-a responsibility more engrossing , it may be , but not lessened , by the specific but novel character of the proposed object of the expedition . I proceed now to describe how far that object has been attained ; and here I feel that I cannot well indulge in too great a minuteness of detail . 32 . Relative positions of Pointer , Slit , and Sun 's Limb . The spectroscope may be inserted , and employed with its slit in any direction perpendicular to the optical axis of the telescope . It is therefore competent to the observer to place the slit perpendicular or tangential to the sun 's circumference at any point ; and there can be no doubt that , were the observations conducted at leisure , it would be desirable to examine the whole circumference in both positions ; but the operation of turning the spectroscope is not so very simple a one but that the advantages and disadvantages of any such proceeding require to be well considered where time is of the first importance . I decided on employing the slit in one direction only , that which corresponded with the diurnal motion . It so happened that this corresponded nearly with the direction of the relative motion of the sun and moon , so that the widest part of the crescent could be made to fall nearly perpendicularly across the slit . The needle ( in the finder ) and its point accurately represented the direction and centre respectively of the slit ; therefore , when the needle-point touched the sun 's limb at the centre of the crescent , a solar spectrum of definite width appeared in the field , of which one edge ( the right-hand ) continued stationary , while the other ( the left ) advanced slowly but perceptibly towards it , the solar spectrum decreasing visibly in width . 33 . Last view of Solar Spectrum . About a minute 's breadth remained . A few seconds more and it would vanish suddenly . Whatever spectrum the corona could show must then be revealed , unless indeed a " prominence " or " sierra " should happen to be situated at that precisespot , in which case the double spectrum should be presented . The nervous tension at the moment may be conceived : what would be seen ? what call for action would be made ? and for what action ? or , if nothing were seen , what would have to be done ? I cannot say that I was prepared , at that moment , either with these questions , or with ready answers to them ; but that was the sensation . With regard to the last , I suppose I should have instinctively widened the slit ; and had that failed , should then have gone to the finder to look for a prominence . As it was , the spectrum faded out as I looked , while it had still appreciable width , and I knew a cloud had intervened . Totality commences unseen . A few seconds more and the spectrum of diffuse light vanished also , and told me the eclipse was total , but behind a cloud . 34 . On the watch for a glimpse . I went to the finder , removed the dark glass , and waited ; how long , cannot say ; perhaps half a minute . Soon the cloud hurried over ; following the moon 's direction , and therefore revealing first the upper limb , with its scintillating corona , and then the lower . A prominence seen and aimed at . Instantly I marked a prominence near the needle-point , an object so conspicuous that I felt there was no need to take any precautions to secure identification . It was a long finger-like projection from the ( real ) lower left-hand portion of the circumference . A rapid turn of the declination-screw covered it with the needlepoint , and in another instant I was at the spectroscope . A single glance and the problem was solved . Its Spectrum.-THREE VIVID LINES , RED , ORANGE , BLUE ; NO OTHERS , AND NO TRACE OF A CONTINUOUS SPECTRUM . 35 . Measurement of lines undertaken , with partial success . When I say the problem was solved , I am of course using language suited only to the excitement of the moment ! It was still very far from solved , and I lost no time in applying myself to measurement . And here I hesitate ; for the measurement was not effected with anything like the ease and certainty which ought to have been exhibited . Much may be attributed to haste and unsteadiness of hand , still more to the natural difficulty of measuring intermittent glimpses ; but I am bound to confess that these causes were supplemented by a failure less excusable . I have no idea how those five minutes passed so quickly ! Clouds were evidently passing continually ; for the lines were only visible at intervals not for onehalf the time , certainly and not always bright ; but still I ought to have measured them all . My failure was in insufficient illuminating power ; but why , I cannot tell . I never experienced any difficulty of the kind with the nebulae , which required that I should flash in light suddenly over and over again . I had found the hand-lamp the surest way ; but it failed me here in great measure . The red line must have been less vivid than the orange ; for after a short attempt to measure it , I passed on to secure the latter . Two lines measured . In this I succeeded to my satisfaction , and accordingly tried for the blue line . Here I was not so successful . The glimpses of light were rarer and feebler , the line itself growing shorter and , what remained of it , further from the cross . I did , however , place the cross wires in a position certainly very near the true one , and got a reading before the reillumination of the field told me that the sun had reappeared on the other limb . These readings were called out , as those of the solar lines had been , to my recorder ; and it was only afterwards that I compared them . I need not dwell on the feelings of distress and disappointment which I experienced on realizing the fact that the long-anticipated opportunity was gone , and , as it seemed to me then , wasted . I seemed to have failed entirely . Almost mechanically I directed the telescope to the bright limb , to verify the readings of the solar lines ; and in so doing my interest was again awakened by the near coincidence , as it seemed , of the line F with the position of the wires ; but a little reflection convinced me that the distance of the former was greater than the error which I might have made in intersecting the blue line . Their readings and those of the solar lines . I read F , and then D & C. The following were my readings up and down : C. D. b. F. ( 191 2'96 4-58 5-64 91 90 2-94 4-56 5 ' 61 Before . 193 2-98 4-60 5 ' 65 1-92 2-97 4-58 5-62 Bright lines ... [ 300 ] ... [ 5-56 ] After ... 1-93 3-00 ... 5-65 36 . Identity of the Orange Line . I consider that there can be no question that the ORANGE LINE was identical with D , so far as the capacity of the instrument to establish any such identity is concerned . 37 . Of the Blue Line : doubtful . I also consider that the identity of the BLUE line with F is not established ; on the contrary , I believe that the former is less refracted than F , but not much . 38 . Of the Red Line : uncertain . With regard to the RED line , I hesitate very much in assigning an approximate place : B and C represent the limits ; it might have been near C ; I doubt its being so far as B ; I am not prepared to hazard any more definite opinion about it . Its colour was a bright red . This estimate of its place is absolutely free from any reference to the origin of the lines C and F. 39 . Subsequent mental aberration : not unusual . It is a fact not unworthy of notice that in all the accounts of eclipses , written soon after the event , which I have read , the record hurries rapidly to a close after the sun has reappeared ; the reason , no doubt , is that a reaction takes place after the excitement of witnessing the actual eclipse , and phenomena which might be noticed after , quite as well as before , pass unregarded on that account . For my part I was surprised to find how utterly indifferent I felt to the appearance of things when I came out of my observatory . I am almost ashamed to confess that I went straight to my tent , and tried to write down what I had seen , instead of going to the telescope to watch for what still might be seen . It never even occurred to me to remove the spectroscope and use the fine telescope I had at command . 40 . Afterconsideration of the phenomena witnessed . I have not quite exhausted the statement of my observations , though what I have still to state was rather the result of subsequent reflection than of actual cognizance at the time . I said that the prominence was situated close to the needle-point . I estimate its position as at the east point , a few degrees to the left of the lowest , of the sun 's limb . Its form was that of a projecting finger slightly curved to the southward , and its height nearly 2 ' . The slit was at right angles to the hour-circle , and therefore perpendicular to the sun 's limb at this point . A vertical section ( so to speak ) of the prominence was therefore admitted through the slit . It appears , then , that the length of the lines corresponded with the height of the prominence , being limited ( as in the case of the spectrum of the section of the crescent ) on the one hand ( the left ) by the advancing moon 's limb at the centre of the field , and on the other by the natural summit of the prominence , or flame , as we are now entitled to call it . Spectrum of Corona not seen . Beyond this summit the light of the corona was free to enter ; it was also free to enter with that of the flame ; but I saw the spectrum of the latter only . I thence conclude that the spectrum of the corona was a faint solar one , a conclusion quite in accordance with the other characteristics of this phenomenon , such as the radiated appearance and the evidence from polarity , indicating a central source of light . With regard to the latter , it is clear that the light of the corona is polarized in planes passing through the sun 's centre ( as the gist of Lieut . Campbell 's Report ) , and therefore that the corona shines mainly by reflected light . At the same time it is possible that the absence of a spectrum of the corona at this particular spot may have been accidental . I have since heard that the corona was particularly feeble at this point . I had no opportunity of studying the corona myself . After first catching sight of the eclipse in the finder , I never left the spectroscope but once , when a long interval of cloudiness sent me to the finder to make sure . I then caught a few seconds ' glimpse again , and remarked a red blot ( I recognized no shape ) of a prominence at about the north point , or rather to the west of it . 41 . Remarks on the ease with which the lines might be measured , and suggestions for future observations . I have now a few remarks to add which may be of use to future observers , if not of any present value . It is difficult to say what might or might not have been done but for the clouds ; but I am pretty certain that ( even labouring , as I was , under the difficulty of bad illumination ) not only might all three lines have been satisfactorily measured , but time would have sufficed for further examination . The course which that examination should take is a question which it is of the highest importance for an observer to decide on previously . I believe I was right in using a narrow slit to begin with , not anticipating such a totally dark field ; but I should not do so again ; or if I did , with the object of getting exact measures of the three principal lines , I should be prepared to widen the slit to look for faint ones , the positions of which I should estimate with reference to those three . I should then direct the telescope at the brightest part of the corona , taking very good care to prefer a part free from any appearance of sierra , and if possible near the east or west points , so that the slit might admit a vertical section . Assuming that the corona does not emit tosochromatic light if I may be allowed to coin a word to indicate definite but unspecified colours , both in respect of number and tint ( or pitch)-of very distinct character , the spectrum of such a vertical slice might indicate by its varying width that the light was not uniformly constituted . Another point to be ascertained is whether all flames are constituted alike . This would require a more or less rapid glance at the spectra of several . I have spoken of " the three principal lines " because I saw no others . I have , however , heard rumours of a greater number having been seen by other observers , whether of equal brilliancy or not I do not know ; but it inclines me to enforce the statement I have already made of " three vivid lines-no more , " as seen with a narrow slit . I had no suspicion whatever of the presence of any but those three ; and as I first saw them they were as sharp and bright as one could well wish to see . Whether the prominence which I looked at was the same as those in which more than three lines were seen I do not know . 42 . Lieut . Campbell 's Observations satisfactory in their result . The determination of the polarization-plane of the corona is as satisfactory as can be desired , and Lieut . Campbell 's account is so clear that I have little to say about it . It is to be regretted that he did not see the effect of polarization all round at the same time , with a power low enough to include the whole of the phenomena ; but the view fortunately obtained with the higher power remedies this in great measure by showing what would have been seen at points 90 ? distant from that which he describes . 43 . Results with Hand Spectroscopes unknown . With regard to the hand spectroscopes I have scarcely any report to make . Lieut . Campbell had no opportunity . Capt. Haig has sent no report . Neither have I heard anything of one of the two sent to sea . The only record I have received is that of Capt. Rennoldson , of the 'Rangoon , ' P. & 0 . Co. 's Steam Ship , which I enclose . He mentions having seen with the spectroscope a prominence not seen by others with ( I presume ) ships ' glasses of greater power . This is difficult to understand , except on the supposition that the light of the corona was weakened by dispersion , while that of the flame was not , or not in so great a degree . Should it turn out that the prominence he describes was a reality , it is barely possible that the above explanation may be the true one ; in which case it suggests the possibility of seeing the prominences with a heavy battery of prisms when the sun is not eclipsed , especially if they are made of yellow glass ; nay , even of seeing them , without the help of dispersion , through a medium calculated to stop all light but that of the sodium flame . Mr. Chambers prevented by Clouds from using two other Spectroscopes . Two other hard spectroscopes in my possession were lent to Mr. Chambers , Government Astronomer at Bombay , who stationed himself not far from Begapur ; but I am sorry to say he was denied the opportunity of using them by the clouds . Gentlemen , I beg to apologize for the length of my narrative , and to subscribe myself , with much respect , Your obedient Servant , J. HERSCGEL , Lieut . R.Eo Bangalore , Sept. 1868 . LIEUT . CAMPBELL'S REPORT . " ' I was deputed to accompany Lieut . Herschel on his expedition to observe the phenomena of the total eclipse , and to use the instruments supplied by the Royal Society for the observation of polarized light in the corona and red flames . " The instruments in question were as follows : A telescope of 3-inch aperture , mounted on a rough double axis , admitting of motion in azimuth and altitude by hand only , unaided by any appliance for clamping and slow motion . The telescope was provided with three eyepieces of magnifying-powers 27 , 41 , and 98 ; and with it were furnished two analyzers for polarized light , viz . a double-image prism and a ' Savart 's polariscope . ' " ; The first gives two images of the object viewed , which , when polarized light is present , become strongly coloured with complementary tints , by whose changes , according to the position in azimuth of the analyzer , the plane of polarization may be found . " The second shows the presence of polarized light by the formation , across the image of the object viewed , of coloured bands , which alter in arrangement and intensity according to the position of the polariscope with reference to the plane of polarization , and hence afford a means of arriving at a knowledge of the latter . " With the former , slight polarization would probably be more readily recognized at a glance ; while with the latter the plane of polarization could be more easily and accurately determined . " To carry these arms I had a pair of jointed arms constructed , so attached by a collar and screw to the eye-tube of the telescope as to admit of the eyepiece being changed . Each arm carried one of the analyzers in a cell , in which a rotatory motion could be given for analyzing purposes . " Either analyzer could in this way be brought instantly into position before the eyepiece of the telescope , or both could be turned aside and the telescope used by itself at pleasure . " Immediately behind the apparatus a circular piece of cardboard of about 12 inches diameter and neatly graduated was firmly attached to the eye-tube , and to each analyzer was affixed a long pointer by which its azimuth could be referred to the graduations on the card circle , should measures of position or change of azimuth appear desirable . " I was also furnished with a hand spectroscope for direct vision . " The point chosen for my station was on the northern slope of a low range of hills , about 1mile W. by S. of Jamkandi . The flatness of the hills on top offered no point from which an uninterrupted view could be obtained in all directions ; and from my station [ I only had a view of the northern half of the distant horizon over the plains extending in that direction for many miles , above the level of which I was raised about 200 feet , " Early on the morning of the 18th I proceeded to the spot , having previously sent up the instruments and a tent for shelter in case of necessity . " At sunrise the sky was beautifully clear , except in the northern horizon , where there were low clouds lying-over the river Kistna . There was a gentle breeze from S.W. by W. A little later light flocculent clouds began to rise and form in an arch overhead from west to east , continuing to increase as the morning wore on ; then a light scud set in , and turned gradually into broken masses of thick dark clouds . " Before the commencement of the eclipse I took observations for time with a small theodolite , from which I computed the error of my chronometer ( a mean time one by M'Cabe ) to be Ih 14m 55S'5 fast on local apparent time ; and by that quantity I have accordingly corrected all observed chronometer times in the statements of time which follow . " I observed the first contact , which took place at 7 " 45m 13 ' ( local apparent time ) , about 150 from the vertex ; after which I watched the progress of the eclipse , and noted the times of occultation of three sunspots . No. 1 was a large double ragged spot , No. 2a small well-defined one , No. 3 also double , but not so large or distinct as No. 1 . After totality I saw a fourth spot very near the sun 's limb . " During the progress of the eclipse I observed no unevenness in the moon 's limb , nor any want of sharpness in the cusps , using magnifying-power 27 . " The following notes were taken on the spot : At first contact . Sun very slightly obscured by clouds . At 8 " Om . Clouds thick , and gathering from S.W. and W. Wind higher and gusty . At 8h 10 ' . Clouds overhead , increasing and thickening and rising steadily from west . At 8 " 20'1 . Sky nearly entirely overcast ; clouds thickest in neighbourhood of sun . At 8h . A clear break . At 8h 30 " . I thought I could discern very faintly the dark limb of the moon beyond that of the sun ; and at this time , making allowance for the general cloudiness , I did not perceive any decrease of light on the landscape . At 8 " 40"1 . But ten minutes later the darkness was decided . At 81 . Thick clouds well broken up , stil , gathered most closely in the region of the sun . Light becoming lurid , and increase of darkness very apparent . At 8h . Cusps perfect ( magnifying-power 27 ) . " Closely before totality a bright line of light appeared to shoot out at a tangent to the moon 's limb at its centre , as if running across the bright crescent of the sun ( though of course not visible against the superior light ) and extended beyond each cusp to a distance nearly , if not quite , 15 ' . [ Note by Lieut . H. The sketch in the margin represents Lieut . Campbell 's meaning , as ascertained orally . ] The corona became visible immediately after , between the dark limb of the moon and the bright line . The corona did not appear so bright as the line , the brilliance and whiteness of the light of which was most striking . This was seen through a highly smoked glass . At this period , probably not more than 3 to seconds before totality ensued , a thick cloud shut out everything , and the rest of the phenomenon was only seen fitfully through openings in the clouds , for an aggregate period which I estimate at somewhat less than half that of totality . " This alternate appearance and disappearance troubled me greatly , and gave rise to nervousness and excitement ; for owing to the imperfect mounting of my telescope I was apt to lose my place whenever the light was cut off by clouds , and to waste the precious moments of clearness in finding it again . " On the first opportunity after the commencement of the eclipse I turned on the double-image prism with the eyepiece of 27 magnifying-power , as recommended in the Instructions , which gave a field of about 45 ' diameter . A most decided difference of colour was at once apparent between the two images of the corona ; but I could not make certain of any such difference in the case of a remarkable horn-like protuberance , of a bright-red colour , situated about 210 degrees from the vertex , reckoned ( as I have done in all cases ) with reference to the actual , not the inverted image , and with direct motion . I then removed the double-image prism and applied the Savart 's polariscope , which gave bands at right angles to a tangent to the limb , distinct but not bright , and with little , if any , appearance of colour . On turning the polariscope in its cell the bands , instead of appearing to revolve on their own centre , passing through various phases of brightness , arrangement , & c. , travelled bodily along the limb , always at right angles thereto , and without much change in intensity , or any at all in arrangement . " The point at which they seemed strongest was about 1403 from the vertex , and I recorded them as black centred . " Believing that with a higher power and a smaller field I should find it easier to fix my attention on one point of the corona and observe the phases of the bands at that point , I changed eyepieces applying that of 41 power . With this eyepiece the first clear instant showed the bands much brighter than before , coloured , and as tangents to the limb at a point about 200 ? from the vertex ; but before I could determine anything further a cloud shut out the view , and a few seconds later a sudden rush of light told that the totality was over , though it was difficult to believe that five minutes had flown by since its commencement . " I experienced a strong feeling of disappointment and want of success ; the only points on which I can speak with any confidence being as follows:-(1 ) When using the double-image prism , the strong difference of colour of the two images of the corona , and the absence of such difference in the case of the most prominent red flame . ( 2 ) With the ' Savart 's polariscope ' the bands from the corona were decided ; with a low power they were wanting , in intensity and colour ; excepting alternate black and white , making it difficult to specify the nature of the centre ; and their position was at right angles to the limb , extending over about 30 ? of the circumference . When the polariscope was turned the bands travelled bodily round the limb without other change in position or arrangement , as if indeed they were revolving round the centre of the sun as an axis . With a higher power , when a smaller portion of the corona was embraced , the bands were brighter , coloured , and seen in a different position , viz . tangents to the limb . " The appearance observed with a low power seems exactly what might be expected , supposing the bands to be brightest at every point when at right angles to the limb , in which case the bands growing into brightness at each succeeding point of the limb would distract attention from those fading away at the points passed over as the analyzer revolved . ' After totality was over the clouds cleared away somewhat , and I watched the eclipse till its conclusion , noting the times of emersion of the spots and of last contact . " A light shower fell at 9.30 . " During totality several stars and planets were seen by those who were with me ; and a fowl which I had placed near me , out of curiosity , was observed to compose itself to sleep . It was at no time so dark as I had expected : after the total phase had commenced I read the chronometer and wrote notes in pencil without difficulty ; and the light of a bull's-eye lantern when thrown on my paper appeared somewhat dull . ( " The brilliance of the light of the corona when it burst out through the openings in the clouds astonished me . Also the very gradual decrease of light before totality , and the wonderful flood of light which followed the instant of the sun 's reappearance ( though behind a cloud ) were very striking . " I was too much occupied in watching the position of the sun , so as not to lose an instant of the precious intervals of clearness , to see much of the general effect . I had no opportunity of using the hand spectroscope . 0 la ? 123 There was no one in my neighbourhood ( except those of my own party , who had been warned to keep silence ) , but when totality commenced a wailing shout was heard in the distance , apparently rising all round us , which was succeeded after a few seconds by silence . " The distant features of the landscape disappeared , and I noticed one light ( apparently a village fire ) some miles distant . " I give below the different times I observed as of possible interest . Local apparent time is used : First contact . Last contact . hmshms Sun and moon ... ... ... . . 7 45 13 10 21 59 SpotNo . 1 ... ... .7 ... ... . . 757 39 975 Entire disappearance ... . 7 59 5 Spot No. 2 ... ... ... ... ... . 8 40 28 9 54 39 Spot No. 3 ... ... ... ... ... 8 46 58 10 3 25 I cannot state with any approach to , accuracy either the instant of commencement or [ that of ] termination of totality . " Latitude of station ... ... ... 16 30 10 Longitude , , ... ... ... . 75 20 ( Signed ) " W. R. CAMPBELL , Lieut . R.E. " " Bangalore , August 31 , 1868 . " True copy . J. HIERSCHEL , Lieut . R.E. Bangalore , September 15 , 1868 . ( Copy . ) No. 886 . From J. Geoghegan , Esq . , Under Secretary to Government of India . To The Superintendent of the Great Trigonometrical Survey of India . Fort William , February 21 , 1868 . SIR , I am directed to acknowledge receipt of your letter No. 6 of 4th instant ; requesting permission to employ certain officers of the Government Trigonometrical Survey in taking observations of the total solar eclipse of the 17th , 18th August , and asking sanction to the expenditure on this account estimated roughly not to exceed 2000 Rupees . In reply , I am directed to state that the Governor-General in Council cordially approves of your proposed arrangements , and sanctions the necessary expenditure . The Government of India , I am to state , will be prepared to do every " thing in its power towards securing full and accurate observations on this rare and important occasion . I have , & c. , ( Signed ) J , GEOGHEGAN , Under Secretary to Government of india . True copy . J. HERSCHEL , Lieut . R.E. [ Commander Rennoldson 's letter , which was sent independently by the Secretary of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company appears below . ] *XI . " Observations of the Total Solar Eclipse of August 18 , 1868 . " By Captain CHARLES G. PERRINS , Communicated by Prof. STOKES . Received October 30 , 1868 . ( Abstract . ) These observations are contained in a letter dated " S.S. ' Carnatic , ' Suez , 28th August , 1868 , " addressed to the Managing Directors , Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company . One of the hand spectroscopes sent out by the Royal Society had been entrusted to Captain Perrins ; but as his ship at the time of the eclipse was about 20 miles north of the track of the total phase , he had no opportunity of using it for the observations contemplated . lie thus describes the appearance at the time of greatest obscuration:"That portion of the sun remaining uneclipsed consisted of a narrow streak ( in shape like a crescent ) of its upper left limb , in size about part of its diameter . The light emitted from this was of a very peculiar description and difficult to describe , being at the same time extremely brilliant and yet most remarkably pale . The high sea running appeared like huge waves of liquid lead , and the ghastly paleness of the light thrown upon it and all around revealed a scene which , for its weird-like effect , it would be as impossible to depict as it is to describe . " The slender crescent showed in the spectroscope several dark lines , as was to be expected . 
Obituary Notices of deceased Fellows . JAQUES CHARLES FRANCOIS STURM was born at Geneva in September 1803 , of a family which had quitted Strasbourg in the middle of the last century , where one of his ancestors had been President of the Republic at the period of its contests with the Emperor Charles V. , and another had attained a distinguished reputation for his writings on jurisprudence and theology . After completing his school education and his classical studies at the College with remarkable success , he became in his fifteenth year a student of the University of his native city , where his rapid progress in the study of mathematics and philosophy attracted the marked attention of the well-known geometer Simon L'Huillier , who fully anticipated the eminence which he was afterwards destined to attain . The sudden death of his father , leaving his mother and four children , of whom Charles was the eldest , without any adequate maintenance , compelled him , before the close of his seventeenth year , to resort to private tuition for the support of himself and his family ; and three years afterwards he was recommended to the Due de Broglie , as tutor to the brother of Madame de Broglie , the son of Madame de Stael . At the close of the year 1823 , he accompanied his pupil to Paris , and though he shortly afterwards returned to Geneva , he found no sufficient occupation there , and he finally resolved , in company with his intimate friend and school-fellow , M. Colladon , the present distinguished Professor of Physics at Geneva , to seek his fortune in the great city , which was then , and had long been , the undisputed metropolis of European science . Sturm had already become very favourably known to mathematicians by several articles in the ' Annales de Mathematiques ' of M. Gergonne , on lifferent branches of analysis and geometry , and the strong recommendations which he and his companion bore with them from Lhuillier , and the kind offices of M. Gerono , made them known to Ampere , Fourier , Arago , and other eminent members of the Institute , who recommended them to pupils as a means of support . Sturm afterwards obtained employment upon the 'Bulletin Universel , ' under Baron . Ferussac , and was , in fact , a subordinate in the office of that journal when he published his well-known Theorem . He and his friend speedily began to feel the influence of breathing in an atmosphere of science , and their joint labours were rewarded by a distinction of no ordinary importance , when the Academy of Sciences awarded to them the great prize of mathematics proposed for the best Essay on the Compression of Liquids . The determination of the number of real roots of a numerical equation which are included between given limits , is a problem which had occupied the attention of the greatest analysts of the past age , of Waring , of La Grange , and more especially of Fourier , who of all other analysts had made the nearest approaches to its practical , though he had failed in its theoretical , solution : the attention of Sturm had been for some time directed to this class of researches , which he pursued with remarkable continuity and diligence , encouraged , as he himself assures us , by the instructions and advice of this eminent master . The result was the discovery of the theorem which will be for ever associated with his name , and which conquered the difficulty which had embarrassed all his predecessors , and thus permanently extended the dominion of analysis ; a rare good fortune , which though frequently denied to the most illustrious cultivators of the sciences , is always reserved to those only who are enabled , by the extent and accuracy of their knowledge and the clearness of their views , to follow out the glimmerings of light which escape the observation of ordinary eyes . The memoir which contained this important theorem was presented to the Academy on the 25th of May , 1829 , and rapidly conducted its author to fortune and public honours . The connexion of its author with the 'Bulletin Universel ' enabled him to give an immediate account of his method to the world ; the paper itself was not published till some years afterwards , in the " Memoires des Savans Etrangers . " In the course of a few years he was chosen a member of the principal scientific societies of Europe : the Copley Medal was given to him by this Society : he was elected a member of the Academy , as the successor of Ampere , in 1836 : in the same year he was made Professor of Mathematics , upon the special recommendation of Arago , at the College Rollin , Repetiteur at the Ecole Polytechnique in 1838 , and in 1840 he was deemed worthy to succeed to the chair of Mechanics at the same school , which had been so long honoured by the occupation of Poisson , the most illustrious of the successors of La Place . It was not without some difficulty that the substantial rewards of his scientific achievement were obtained : he was a foreigner , and naturally placed at a disadvantage in a contest with native competitors . It is right to notice this , both for the honour of France and as a proof of the very high reputation which Sturm had attained . The subsequent memoirs of Sturm , whether first presented to the Academy or not , were chiefly printed in the Journal of M. Liouville , an analyst of congenial tastes and pursuits with his own , with whom he lived on terms of the most affectionate friendship . Two of these memoirs , relating to the discussion of differential and partial differential equations , such as present themselves so commonly in the solution of the more important problems of mathematical physics , possessed a merit so extraordinary , that M. Liouville a most competent judge , declared-at a time when he was himself a competitor with Sturm for a place in the Academy , - " that impartial posterity would place them by the side of the finest memoirs of La Grange . " The first of these two memoirs was presented in 1833 to the concours for the great prize of Mathematics , to be awarded by the Academy in 1834 for the most important discovery in that science made known within the preceding three years . The Academy conferred the prize on Sturm-not for the memoir which he had submitted to the judgment of the Commission , but for that which contained his celebrated theorem and which had been presented in 1829 . Other memoirs relate to optics , mechanics , pure analysis , and analytical geometry , and embrace the most difficult questions which have been treated in those several branches of science . One of the latest of these was a communication to the Academy on the theory of vision , and is remarkable both for the geometrical and analytical elegance with which many questions subsidiary to the theory are treated in it . It confirms generally , with one important exception relating to the asserted muscularity of the crystalline lens and the changes attributed to its action , the views of the late Dr. Thomas Young in his well-known memoir on this subject . Sturm visited England in 1841 , and gave the mathematicians with whom he conversed a high impression , as well of the extent of his knowledge as of his inventive power . The health of M. Sturm , which had previously been remarkably vigorous , began to decline in 1851 , probably in consequence of his laborious public employments and the unremitting severity of his studies : he died on the 18th of December last , to the deep regret of a large circle of friends and pupils , to whom he appears to have been singularly endeared by the modesty , truthfulness , and simplicity of his character . " To my eyes , " said M. Liouville , in the discourse which he pronounced at his grave , " Sturm was a second Ampere : candid like him , and like him equally indifferent to fortune and the vanities of life : they both of them joined to great inventive powers , an encyclopaedic range of knowledge : neglected and even despised by men of the world and the worshipers of station and power , but exercising an unmistakeable impression upon the youth of our schools , where genius never fails to produce its impression : possess ing , in fact , without appearing either to desire it or to know it , an immense popularity . " The REV . WILLIAM BUCKLAND , D.D. , F.R.S. , F.G.S. & c. , Dean of Westminster and Reader in Mineralogy and Geology in the University of Oxford , was born in the year 1784 , at Axminster in Devonshire . In 1797 he was at Tiverton School ; in 1798 he entered St. Mary 's College , Winchester , and passed from it in 1801 , to a scholarship in Corpus Christi College , Oxford . Admitted Fellow of that College in 1808 , he manifested a decided taste for the study of geology , then beginning to be heard of in Oxford in the lectures of Dr. KIDD , the respected Professor of Mineralogy , and beginning to be cultivated in London by the founders of the Geological Society . While yet a child , his attention had been caught by the 'Cornua Ammonis , ' found in the rocks round his home ; at Winchester he began to collect the sponges and other fossils of the Chalk ; at Oxford he gathered the shells of the Oolite , and discussed points of natural history on the ascent of Shotover Hill with his frequent companion Mr. Broderip of Oriel College , who had himself drawn no small amount of knowledge of these subjects from the Rev. J. Townsend , the friend and fellow-labourer of William Smith . The fruits of his first walk with Mr. Broderip formed the nucleus of that large collection which forty years later he placed in the Oxford Museum . In the period from 1808 to 1812 , Mr. Buckland was frequently seen traversing on horseback a large part of the south-western districts of England , and collecting from these tracts , which had been the scene of Mr. Smith 's earlier labours , sections of the strata and groups of their organic contents . In 1810 and 1811 he visited with the same purpose the north of England , Scotland , Ireland , and Wales . In 1813 he received the Professorship of Mineralogy in consequence of the resignation of Dr. Kidd ; he became a Fellow of the Geological Society , and took his place among the most active and most eminent of the inquirers into the physical history of the earth . The lectures which he now delivered were not confined to mineralogy , but embraced the discoveries and doctrines of geology , and they attracted in a high degree the attention and admiration of the University . At length , in 1818 , geology was publicly recognized in Oxford by the establishment of a Readership for this branch of science , and Buckland was appointed to the office . From this period the Reader gave annually one course of lectures on mineralogy and one on geology , sparing no pains and no expense in preparing these instructive and suggestive discourses , in which the very latest discoveries always found place . Among his early contemporaries in Oxford none were so conspicuous in the cultivation of geology as the Rev. J. J. Conybeare and the Rev. W. D. Conybeare , both of Christ Church ; and it is gratifying to remember that the strictest personal friendship united these eminent men in their subsequent brilliant career . It was in concert with W. Conybeare that Buckland gave to the press his first important paper " On the Coasts of the North of Ireland* , " the result of a vacation tour from Oxford in 1813 ; and Mr. J. Conybeare was his companion in a visit to Devon and Cornwall . In his journeys to the south-west of England he frequently called on the Rev. Benjamin Richardson of Farleigh Castle , near Bradford , and the Rev. Joseph Townsend of Pewsey , ancient friends of William Smith , and themselves among the ablest cultivators of the new views in geology . The latter of these eminent men imparted to the Oxford Professor his first knowledge of the details of superposition of the Oolite and Greensand formations between Bath and Warminster . In the year 1818 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society , and speedily justified his claim to this honour by communicating to the 'Transactions ' his well-known account of the teeth and bones of the Elephant , Rhinoceros , Hippopotamus , Hyana , & c. , discovered in Kirkdale Cave , 1821 t. This Essay was honoured by the Copley Medal , and being soon after reprinted under the title of ' Reliquiae Diluvianae , ' became a powerful stimulus to the cultivation of Geology and Palaeontology throughout the world . Before the issue of this remarkable work , the author had traversed France , Italy , the Tyrol , Holland , Germany , and Bohemia , bringing to the now celebrated Oxford Museum large and valuable collections , and to the geologists of England observations of phenomena then little known to them . One result of these successful labours was the election of Buckland to the Chair of the Geological Society in 1824 ; and while he held this office , he received , in 1825 , a valuable acknowledgement of his established merit in the gift of a Canonry of Christ Church . A more important event followed , the happy marriage of Mr. Buckland to the excellent lady whose diligent hands and devoted affection shared every toil and lightened every anxiety of his life . In the same year appeared , from the united hands of Buckland and Conybeare , the " Survey of the South-western Coal district of England , " which even at this day may be consulted as one of the best guides to the geology of the singular country which it describes : . In 1826 and 1827 , he revisited the Continent to explore parts of France , Germany , Austria , and Switzerland . He then recognized the comparatively late geological date of the great upward movement of the Alps , and declared some of the highly inclined rocks to be contemporaries of our Lias and Oolite . The Bone Caverns of Lunel and the Grotto d'Oselles then yielded to his strong arms and capacious bags many valuable spoils , now preserved in the Oxford Museum . In the five years ending with 1830 , we find him presenting to the Geological Society ten memoirs relating to Continental geology , and special researches among the fossils of Portland , Lyme Regis and the Mendips , the Isle of Wight , the Isle of Purbeck , and the coast of Weymouth . In the latter memoir he was associated with one of his most valued friends , Sir H. T. De la Beche . To this period belong many of those curious researches on Coprolites and fossil Sepiae , which attest at once the sagacity and industry of the great explorer of ossiferous caves . In 1832 Dr. Buckland cooperated with Dr. Daubeny and some other of his friends in the preparations for the Meeting of the British Association in Oxford , and was elected President of that brilliant and important meeting . In 1836 appeared the Bridgewater Treatise , 'Geology and Mineralogy , considered with reference to Natural Theology , ' 2 vols . 8vo ; a work equally attractive and valuable to the student . The volumes of the Geological Society subsequent to 1833 contain many valuable notices of the unwearied labours of Dr. Buckland , one of the later and more interesting being a paper on the " Glacio-Dilu* Geol . Trans. 2n1d ser . vol. i. t Ann. Phil . new series , i. 4 , 450 . { Geol . Soc. Proc. vol. i. vial Phenomena in North Wales * . " He was a contributor to the Linnean Society of a paper on the adaptation of Sloths to their way of lifet(1835 ) ; and furnished many essays and notices on special subjects of interest to the Philosophical Magazine , Silliman 's Journal , the Edinburgh Philosophical Journal , and the Reports of the British Association . The list published by Agassiz of the works and essays which bear the name of Buckland , extends to 66-spread over the whole period of his life in Oxford since 1813 . In 1845 he became Dean of Westminster , and changed his residence , but not his habits of mental and bodily exertion . Sanitary measures , amendments in his Cathedral , agricultural improvements , the potato disease , all occupied his attention , and consumed his time , so that from this time he almost ceased to labour as an author , though he still continued with unabated zeal the duties of his Professorship . Dr. Buckland 's numerous publications include very largely the results of personal observation , on features of physical geography , the succession of strata , the distribution of glacial detritus , the structure , habits of life , manner of death , and mode of occurrence of extinct animals . To him , more than to any geologist , are we indebted for unexpected suggestions , curious inquiries , and novel kinds of evidence . Thus in Kirkdale Cave , the peculiar condition of the broken bones the smoothed surfaces of some the worn aspect of others the condition of the teeth the layers of Stalagmite the 'Album Graecum ' -became in the mind of Buckland evidence of the mode of life and death of the former inhabitants . The footprints of Cheirotherium were joined with the ripple-mark of the rain-spot to determine the character of the mesozoic shore:-Coprolites were searched for the food of the Ichthyosaurus ; snails were studied to explain holes in limestone ; gelatine was extracted from the Mammoth 's bones ; toads were enclosed in cavities to determine their tenacity of life ; the living hyena was set to crush the bones of an ox , and thus to furnish evidence for the conviction of the old midnight robber of preglacial caverns . Of general views on geology , Dr. Buckland was sparing as an author , though frequently and eloquently he declared them as a Professor . Physical Geology in its higher forms had scarcely existence in the earlier part of his career . Instead of contributing to its progress in after-years , he laboured wisely and well in the rich field of special discovery : now collecting and describing the mighty reptiles like Plesiosaurus and Iguanodon , or the flying wonder the Pterodactylus ; at another time studying the beaks of Chimaera , the wings of Neuroptera , the ink-bags of Sepiadae ; now questioning the great English Botanist on the reticulated stems of Cycadeoidem , and fathoming the mind of Owen on the little Marsupialia of Stonesfield , or inviting the eagle glance of Cuvier on the serrated teeth of Megalosaurus Bucklandi . So passed the life of this man , strong in mind and strong in body ; working hard and setting others to work ; gathering and giving knowledge ; a patient student , a powerful teacher , a friendly associate ; a valiant soldier for Geology in days when she was weak , an honoured leader in her hour of triumph , Perhaps of all the varied marks of respect which were heaped upon him by the learned societies in all parts of the world , none yielded him higher gratification than that which threw a ray of splendour over his latest appearance at the meetings of the Geological Society . For there , in February 1848 , he received from the hands of Sir H. T , De la Beche , with very appropriate expressions , the Wollaston Medal , which is the highest mark of honour known in Geological Science an honour which would , doubtless , long before have been paid to him , but for the frequency of his election to office in that Society* ' In the reply of Dr. Buckland to the Address of the President , we find expressions such as could only be uttered by a geologist convinced of the grand destiny of his science , and conscious of his own right to be remembered among the authors of " discoveries whose names are inscribed on the annals of the physical history of the globe . " And these are followed by words which embody a humble confession of the comparative littleness and incompleteness of all human knowledge-words too prophetic of the approaching close of his own valuable and honourable career , for within two short years that apparently indefatigable mind ceased from its labours , and only the form of Buckland survived till the 15th of August , 1856 . DR . WILLIAM FREDERICK CHAMBERS died of paralysis in December 1855 , aged 69 years . Prior to his retirement from active life on account of the disorder which finally proved fatal , he had for many years had the most extensive practice as a physician of any in London . The mental character to which he owed this distinction is interesting as a subject of psychological study , and valuable as an example and encouragement to those who desire to lead a similar life of usefulness . His intellectual powers were not of that order to which it is usual to apply the term " genius : " no original discovery , no striking innovation marked his career . Nor was he a man of very sparkling talent : there was nothing that could be called " brilliancy " in his thought , his writing , or his mode of action . What he possessed in an eminent degree was , wisdom , judgment-that peculiar balance of faculties which enables a man to think soundly and to be a safe adviser and guardian . The circumstances of his life had helped to give this form to his character . HIe had received his public education at Westminster and Cambridge , where the studies are such as to cultivate in an equal degree the imaginative and scientific faculties . The postponement of his entrance on special professional studies till he was three-and-twenty years of age , enabled him to bring to these studies , when he did engage in them , a fully-formed mind , and so to escape the danger often arising from crude prejudices acquired in early studentship . His election , at the age of thirty , as Physician to St. George 's Hospital , kept him afterwards closely to the duties of practical life , from which he was never distracted by special scientific inquiries ; and accordingly his lectures on the practice of medicine and the lectures on cholera , which at the request of his colleagues he gave in 1833 , with the addresses which he delivered as President of the Medical and Chirurgical Society in 1846 and 1847 , constitute the bulk of what he has published to the world . He became a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1828 , and through life was a conspicuous illustration of the intimate connexion between sound science and practical usefulness . SIR ALEXANDER CRICHTON , second son of Mr. AlexanderCrichton of Woodhouselee and Newington in Mid Lothian , was born in Edinburgh on the 2nd of December , 1763 . He received his elementary education in his native town , and afterwards matriculated in its University . He was placed at an early age with Mr. Alexander Wood , a surgeon of eminence in Edinburgh . At the expiration of his apprenticeship , in 1784 , Mr. Crichton came to London to prosecute his studies , more especially anatomy , and the following spring he went to Leyden , in company with Mr. Robert Jackson , who became afterwards so favourably known by his writings on subjects connected with military surgery . Though Mr. Crichton had been brought up with the view of prosecuting surgery as his profession , he thought it advisable to submit himself to the necessary examinations before the Professors of Leyden for the degree of M.D. , which he obtained in July 1785 . After passing a short time in Holland , he proceeded to Paris to perfect himself in the French language , and to avail himself of the facilities afforded in that city for advancement in every department of medical knowledge . Leaving Paris in the summer of 1786 , Dr. Crichton studied successively at Stuttgardt , Vienna , and Halle , residing , during his stay at the last-named University , in the house of Professor Meckel , the second celebrated anatomist of that name . He then passed some time in Berlin and in Gottingen , where he remained till September 1788 . Returning from Germany , where he had spent three years in the acquisition of medical and scientific knowledge , Dr. Crichton established himself in London as a surgeon , and became a member of the Corporation of Surgeons in May 1789 . But not liking the operative , part of the surgical profession , he withdrew from that body on May 1 , 1791 , and became a licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians on the 25th of June , 1791 ; shortly after which he was appointed Physician to a large Dispensary in Featherstone Buildings , Holborn . There , in conjunction with Dr. Bradley , he formed a " Clinical Institution , " upon a plan similar to that followed at the University of Gottingen , and delivered Lectures upon the most remarkable and instructive cases which presented themselves . About 1796 Dr. Crichton was elected Physician to the Westminster Hospital , and during his connexion with that institution he was in the practice of delivering three courses of lectures ; viz . on Chemistry , on Materia Medica , and on the Practice of Physic . In 1798 he published his work on Mental Derangement , which gained him reputation at home and abroad ; and having now attained a high professional position , he was appointed Physician to the Duke of Cambridge . In 1803 Dr. Crichton was invited to become physician in ordinary to His Imperial Majesty Alexander I. of Russia . Having accepted this appointment , he was kindly received in St. Petersburgh , and soon gained the full confidence and esteem of the Emperor and the several members of the imperial family . In the course of a few years he was also appointed to the head of the Civil Medical Department , in which capacity he was much consulted by the Empress Dowager , in the construction and regulation of many institutions which owe their origin to her active charity and watchful superintendence . Dr. Crichton 's exertions to mitigate the horrors of an epidemic which was devastating the south-east provinces of Russia in 1809 were acknowledged by the Emperor , who conferred on him the title of Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Vladimir , Third Class . In 1814 His Imperial Majesty bestowed on him that of the Second Class for his long and faithful services , and as " Medecin en chef pour la partie Civile . " Having obtained leave of absence on account of the state of his health , he returned to this country in the spring of 1819 . The following year , however , he was recalled to attend the Grand Duchess Alexandra ( the present Dowager Empress ) , whom he accompanied , on her convalescence , to the court of Berlin , where he stayed a short time , and then returned to his family . On the 27th of December , 1820 , His Majesty Frederick William III . created him Knight Grand Cross of the Red Eagle , Second Class . In 1821 Dr. Crichton was knighted by His Majesty George IV . , and obtained the royal permission to wear his foreign orders . The late Emperor Nicholas I. also marked his sense of the services of Sir Alexander Crichton by bestowing upon him the additional title of Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Anne , in August 1830 . Dr. Crichton married , in 1800 , Frances , daughter of Mr. Edward Dodwell , of West Moulsey . He was one of the oldest members of the Linnean and Royal Societies , having been elected a member of the first in 1793 , and of the latter in 1800 . IHe was member of the Imperial Academy of Sciences of St. Petersburgh , and of the Imperial Society of Naturalists of Moscow , and Corresponding Member of the Royal Society of Sciences of Gottingen , of the Royal Institute of Medicine at Paris , and of many other societies . His writings were the following : A Translation of Dr. J. F. Blumenbach's Essay on Generation . 1792 . An Inquiry into the Nature and Origin of Mental Derangement , & c. London , 1798 . An Account of some Experiments made with the Vapour of Boiling Tar in the Cure of Pulmonary Consumption . 1817 . On the Treatment and Cure of Pulmonary Consumption , and the Effects of Boiling Tar on that Disease . 1823 . Commentaries on some Doctrines of a dangerous tendency in Medicine , and on the general principles of Safe Practice . 1842 . GEORGE JAMES GUTHRIE was born in London on the 1st of May , 1785 , and died on the 71st anniversary of his birthday . He was descended from an old and respectable Forfarshire family , one of whom , his great-grandfather , married an Irish lady , and settled in her country . His father , a manufacturer of plaister and other surgical materials , raised himself from poverty to considerable wealth ; but , late in life , was again impoverished , and left his son at an early age to seek and work his own way in the world . He was educated in boyhood by an emigrant French gentleman , M. Noel ; and , when thirteen years old , he was apprenticed to the medical profession , at the instance of Mr. Rush , one of the Army Medical Board . For a time he received his chief instruction from Dr. Hooper , one of the most active pathologists of the day . In June 1800 Mr. Rush appointed him an hospital-assistant at York Hospital ( a military hospital which then stood on part of the site of Eaton Square ) ; and in the following winter he assisted Mr. Carpue in teaching anatomy . In the beginning of 1801 he was to have been removed from his appointment , with all the other hospital-assistants who had not been examined at the College of Surgeons ; and it gave proof of the success with which he had already studied , and promise of the spirit which marked his after-life , that he immediately offered himself for the examination . lie passed , and obtained his diploma at the College in February 1801 ; and in the next month , though not yet sixteen , was appointed assistant-surgeon to the 29th Regiment , with which , from 1802 to 1807 , he served in North America . In 1808 , Mr. Guthrie having risen to the surgeoncy of his regiment , accompanied it to Spain ; and from that time to the end of the Peninsular war ( with the exception of a period of severe illness in 1810 ) , was engaged in the most active service . He had a chief share in the charge of the wounded at the battles of Rolica and Vimiera ; at the taking of Oporto ; at Talavera and Albuera ; at the sieges of Olivenca and Badajos ; at Ciudad Rodrigo , Salamanca , and Toulouse . In these fields of action he justly earned the highest reputation among the British military surgeons of his time ; and all his writings prove that they were to him fields not only of action but of study . In September 1814 , Mr. Guthrie was placed on half-pay , and commenced private practice in London . After the battle of Waterloo , he spent a few weeks at the military hospitals at Brussels and Antwerp , studying chiefly those points of practice on which his Peninsular experience had left him uncertain . Returned to London , he commenced lecturing on surgery in 1816 , and was appointed surgeon to the Westminster Ophthalmic Hospital , the establishment of which was chiefly due to his exertions . In 1826 he was elected assistant-surgeon , and in 1827 full surgeon to the Westminster Hospital . In the last-named year , also , he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society . In the College of Surgeons , he became a Member of the Council in 1824 , President in 1833 , 1842 , and 1854 , and during five years was Professor of Anatomy and Surgery . [ Nearly all the foregoing statements are derived from an evidently authentic biography of Mr. Guthrie in the 'Lancet ' of June 15 , 1850 . ] It would be very difficult to form a catalogue of Mr. Guthrie 's publications , for he was always active in publishing his knowledge and opinions on all the questions which he had had opportunities of studying . His chief works are , - " On Gun-shot Wounds of the Extremities requiring Amputation " ( 1815 ) ; " Lectures on the Operative Surgery of the Eye " ( 1823 ) ; " On the Diseases and Injuries of Arteries " ( 1830 ) ; " On the Anatomy and Surgery of Herniae " ( 1833 ) ; " On the Anatomy and Diseases of the Urinary and Sexual Organs " ( 1836 ) ; " On Injuries of the Head , affecting the Brain " ( 1842 ) ; " On Wounds and Injuries of the Abdomen and the Pelvis " ( 1847 ) ; " Commentaries on the Surgery of the War in Portugal , Spain , France , and the Netherlands , " of which the last edition was published in 1855 , and comprised additional observations on the Surgery of the Crimean war . Enterprise , activity , and self-reliance were the chief characteristics of Mr. Guthrie 's mind . His intellect was acute and clear ; his habits orderly and business-like ; his constitution naturally robust , and , till he reached old age , capable of great exertion and endurance . These qualities , in circumstances so favourable to their exercise as those of the Peninsular war , quickly and justly placed him in the first rank of military surgeons , and accomplished a large amount of good in the medical department of the Army . In after-life , the same qualities , strengthened by success , ensured great influence for what he taught , gained for him a large private practice in surgery , and made him a man much to be considered in all the questions of professional interest in which he was engaged . His influence on the progress of medical science in his own time was that of an earnest advocate and an attractive teacher of whatever appeared simple and straightforward in practice , and of all surgical doctrines that professed to be based upon correct anatomy . In the future history of surgery , he will be remembered for his advocacy of the use of nitrate of silver in purulent ophthalmia , of large incisions in phlegmonous erysipelas , of acid escharotics in sloughing phagediena , and for the skill and boldness of his treatment of gun-shot wounds . But , especially , his name will probably be always mentioned with honour for his maintenance of the general necessity of tying wounded arteries at the very seat of injury , above and below the opening . The usual practice had been to tie the artery at some convenient part above the wound , on the assumption that the arrest or diminished force of the circulation would allow the firm closure of the wound , as it does the obliteration of an aneurismal sac . Few things in modern surgical works are equal in strength and clearness to the chapters in which Mr. Guthrie proved the error of such an assumption , and the advantages of his own mode of practice . In anatomy , his best work was the bringing to general knowledge the musculi compressores urethrae , which , though described by Santorini , had nearly ceased to be recognized . In the medical department of the Army , his influence for good was undoubtedly considerable . It may be difficult to enumerate the improvements that were due to him ; but , as the last edition of his best work the 'Commentaries on the Surgery of the War will prove , he was to the very end of life urgent in promoting the efficiency of military hospital-establishments , and in maintaining the reputation of the medical officers of the Army . DANIEL SHARPE was born in London in 1806 . His mother , who died a few weeks after his birth , was sister to Samuel Rogers the poet . HIe was educated at Walthamstow , and as a boy early showed a taste for the study of natural history , but he did not commence seriously to work at geology till he was admitted a Fellow of the Geological Society in June 1829 . In the same year he gave his first memoir to the Society , " On a new species of Ichthyosaurus , & c."-I . grandipes-which , however , it afterwards appeared , had been previously described by Conybeare , under the name of I. tenuirostris . Throughout the greater part of his life Mr. Sharpe was actively engaged as a merchant , and his business connexion with the winegrowing districts of Portugal occasionally leading him there , in 1832 , 1839 , 1848 and 1849 he gave to the Geological Society a series of memoirs on the rocks in the neighbourhood of Lisbon and Oporto . The first is a mere sketch of the general arrangement of the Tertiary and Secondary rocks by a young and intelligent geologist ; the second , on the same subject , is fuller and more definite , but not sufficiently complete in the determination of fossils to fix the precise age of the strata described . It contains , however , in an appendix , some observations of great value on the comparative effects of the great earthquake of 1755 on the strata on which Lisbon stands . The destructive effects of this shock were chiefly confined to the area occupied by the soft tertiary beds , while the buildings erected on the more solid Hippurite limestone and chalk escaped entirely . The line of division between the shattered and entire buildings corresponded precisely with the boundaries of the strata . This subject has since been elaborated by Mr. Mallet in his Reports on Earthquakes to the British Association . In his third memoir Mr. Sharpe describes the granitic , gneissic , clay-slate and coal-bearing rocks of Vallongo near Oporto . The clay-slate he proved by its fossils to be of Lower Silurian age , and his sections show that the strata bearing anthracitic coal underlie the slate , and rest on gneiss pierced by granite . He thence concluded that the coal is of Lower Silurian age . In the present state of knowledge regarding that country , it is impossible to deny that this may be the case , but it must be remembered that the few remains of plants discovered in these strata are considered by palaeontologists to present characters indicative of " Carboniferous " age ; and even those geologists who most strenuously support the so-called uniformitarian doctrines , incline to attribute the peculiar position of the coal to one of those great inversions of the strata so frequent in highly disturbed districts of all ages , from Palaeozoic up to Tertiary times . The fourth paper commences with a succinct sketch of the general geology of Portugal , and goes on to define the limits of the secondary rocks north of the Tagus , both by stratigraphical and palaeontological evidence . Long before this paper was read , Mr. Sharpe had acquired much critical skill and knowledge as a palaeontologist , and on palaeontological principles he now established the existence of Cretaceous and Jurassic rocks in the country described . The whole formed an excellent sketch of a hitherto undescribed country , and up to this date British geologists are chiefly indebted to these memoirs for the knowledge they possess of a land where the science is almost uncultivated . Between 1842 and 1844 Mr. Sharpe gave four memoirs to the Geological Society on the Silurian and Old Red Sandstone Rocks of Wales and the North of England , territories previously chiefly illustrated by the labours of Professor Sedgwick . The first of these is " On the Geology of the South of Westmoreland . " Part of this paper describes the range of the Coniston limestone . Mr. Sharpe identified it by its fossils as forming part of the Lower Silurian series , but did not determine its actual horizon . In 1839 Mr. Marshall placed it on the parallel of the Caradoc sandstone , which determination the researches of later geologists have sustained . Mr. Sharpe also pointed out the unconformity of the Upper on the Lower Silurian rocks of the area ; and in describing the passage of the Ludlow rocks into the Old Red Sandstone , he correctly infers that the Tilestones of South Wales should be withdrawn from the base of the Old Red Sandstone and classified with the Ludlow rocks , to which their fossils unite them . At a later period of the same year he produced a memoir " On the Bala Limestone , and other portions of the Older Palneozoic Rocks of North Wales . " Up to this date it was believed that at Bala and elsewhere there was a great thickness of fossiliferous Upper Cambrian rocks below the Lower Silurian strata . Mr. Sharpe maintained that this was an error , and that both stratigraphically , and by their fossils , the Bala rocks were the equivalents of the Llandeilo flags and Caradoc sandstone . This sagacious determination has since been confirmed by Mr. Salter as regards the Caradoc sandstone ; the fossils of Bala and the typical Caradoc sandstone of Sir Roderick Murchison in Shropshire being the same . The more elaborate paper of 1844 is accompanied by a geological map of North Wales , and is less happy . Mr. Sharpe 's genius chiefly lay in the palaeontological determination of the age of rocks , and , in this case at least , the time he allowed himself to map North Wales was too short for the satisfactory elucidation of the problems he proposed to solve . Pursuing at intervals these subjects , Mr. Sharpe produced in 1847 an elaborate analysis and comparison of the Silurian fossils of North America ( collected by Sir Charles Lyell ) with those of Great Britain , and confirmed the views entertained by the American geologist , Mr. Hall , that the American Silurian strata , like the British , consist of two great divisions , viz . Upper and Lower . While engaged in these investigations , Mr. Sharpe 's attention was drawn to the subject of slaty cleavage and foliation , which affects the more ancient rocks of Devonshire , Wales , the North of England , the Highlands of Scotland , and Mont Blanc . In 1846 , 1848 , 1852 and 1854 he produced four memoirs on these subjects , the two first and the last of which are published in the Journal of the Geological Society , and the third in the Philosophical Transactions . These questions had previously been made the subject of special investigation by Professor Sedgwick , Mr. Darwin , and Professor Phillips . It has been said that from imperfect data Mr. Sharpe generalized too largely ; and though this may be the case , an attentive perusal of the memoir of 1846 proves that in some important points he materially advanced the subject at that date in the direction to which the labours of Mr. Sorby have since tended . HIe attributes the cleavage of rocks , and consequent distortion of fossils , to pressure perpendicular to the planes of cleavage , and asserts that rocks are expanded along the cleavage planes in the direction of the dip of the cleavage . In the communication of 1848 , the doctrine that pressure is the cause of cleavage is still more distinctly insisted on , and remarkable instances are given in which pebbles were observed which appeared to have been compressed and elongated in the planes of cleavage . He also recognizes the fact , since so beautifully explained by Mr. Sorby , that the fine particles composing the slaty rocks are arranged lengthwise in the direction of the cleavage planes , and he attributes bends in the cleavage in its passage from one bed to another , to beds of different lithological character offering different degrees of resistance to pressure . The idea that cleavage may be due to crystalline action , he altogether repudiates . The two last of the series , published in 1852 and 1854 , describe respectively the cleaved and foliated rocks of Scotland and Mont Blanc , and are chiefly devoted to the development of his theory of the great " cylinders " or arches , in which he asserted that the laminae of cleaved and foliated rocks lie . In these memoirs he made no advance beyond his previous ideas , for he attributed the formation of cleavage and foliation to the same cause ; and though he indicated the fact , he gave no explanation of the reason of the occurrence of planes of cleavage and foliation in arched lines , a subject that has since in part been acutely treated of by Mr. Sorby , and of which the full explanation seems not far distant . Besides these memoirs , Mr. Sharpe contributed to the Geological Society various papers on special subjects:-- " On the Quartz Rock of MacCulloch 's Map of Scotland ; " " On the Southern Borders of the Highlands of Scotland ; " and various palaeontological communications : " On the genus Trematis ; " On Tylostoma , a new genus of Gasteropods from the Cretaceous beds of Portugal ; " " On the genus Nerineaa ; " and a note on the fossils of the Boulonnais , appended to a paper by Mr. Austen on that district . He also furnished several parts of a Monograph to the splendid publications of the Paleontographical Society , " On the Fossil Remains of the Mollusca found in the Chalk formation of England , " and on this important work he was still engaged when he met with the unhappy accident that caused his untimely death . Such is a brief outline of some of the scientific labours of Daniel Sharpe a man , whose mind alike powerful and active , and well cultivated , urged him successfully to grasp and make his own a wider range of subjects than many geologists dare to attempt . Neither should it be forgotten that all the while he was unceasingly engaged in mercantile pursuits , and it was only during brief intervals of leisure , when more imperative labours were over , that he accomplished what many would consider sufficient work for their lives . And it is not in geology alone that he is known and appreciated : philologists and ethnologists equally esteemed him . With marvellous versatility of talent he grappled with the ancient Lycian inscriptions , brought home by Fellows , Forbes and Spratt , and revealed the secrets of an unknown tongue written in an unknown character . In debate he was clear , keen , severely critical , and at times somewhat sarcastic , occasionally alarming to an opponent unaccustomed to his style ; but those who knew him best were well aware that an unvarying fund of kindly good humour lay beneath , and that if he hit his adversary hard , no man than himself more rejoiced in a harder blow in return . His private life was full of unostentatious benevolence . In conversation with his familiars he was intelligent , lively , and quick in perception , and his attached friends of the Geological Club , of which he lately was President by virtue of his office as head of the Society , will long mourn his loss , and miss the quaint humour and quiet laugh that so often helped to animate their board . Mr. Sharpe was a Fellow of the Linnean , Zoological , and Geological Societies . In 1853 he became Treasurer of the Geological Society , and on the retirement of Mr. Hamilton was elected its President in 1856 . In 1850 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society . On the 20th of last May , while riding near Norwood , he was thrown from his horse , and sustained a fracture of the skull . In a few days he so far recovered as to be able to recognize the relations that were admitted to his chamber , and his numerous friends rejoiced in the prospect of his speedy restoration ; but a sudden relapse succeeded , and he died on the 31st of May , sorrowed for by all who knew his worth . JAMES MEADOWS RENDEL was born in 1799 , at a village on the borders of Dartmoor , in Devonshire ; his grandfather , Mr. Meadows , F.R.S. , was a well-known architect , and his father , who was a county surveyor and farmer , was a man of ability , excellent common sense and determination of character , qualities which descended to the son , whilst to his mother , who was a woman of considerable acquirements , he owed the rudiments of his early education . After being practically instructed in the executive part of his profession , he went to London and obtained an engagement under Mr. Telford , by whom he was employed on the survey and experiments for the proposed suspension bridge over the Mersey , at Runcorn , and subsequently on the survey and construction of roads in the north of Devon , where the difficulties he had to contend with contributed much to create that self-reliance so useful to him in his subsequent career , At that period he was introduced to the Earl of Morley , who discovering the latent talents of the young engineer , then scarcely twenty-five years of age , confided to him , with the approval of Mr. Telford , the construction of a cast-iron bridge across the Lary , an arm of the sea within the Harbour of Plymouth . This bridge , consisting of five elliptical arches , was , with the exception of that of Southwark , the largest cast-iron structure of the kind in the kingdom . Its construction , in which Mr. Rendel was engaged between 1824 and 1827 , presented many difficulties demanding considerable skill and decision on the part of the engineer ; but these difficulties were successfully overcome , and for the account of this work the Telford Medal of the Institution of Civil Engineers was awarded to him . About this period he designed and executed the Boucombe Bridge , where hydraulic power was for the first time applied to the machinery for working swing bridges . Soon after the completion of the Lary Bridge , Mr. Rendel settled in Plymouth , and there exercised his profession with great activity , being engaged in surveying and reporting upon nearly all the harbours in the South-west of England , and executing the works at a large number of places , acquiring that mastery over Hydraulic Engineering on which his fame will chiefly rest . He was extensively employed by the Exchequer Loan Commissioners ; in many cases executing the works thus authorized . In the year 1831 he introduced a new system of crossing rivers by means of Floating Bridges worked by steam power ; they were applied at Saltash and at Torpoint , on the river Tamar , and subsequently at Southampton and Portsmouth ; but the rapid progress of the railway system prevented the further development of this useful invention , for which the Telford Medal was awarded . Descriptions of the structure of these bridges , as well as of that over the Lary , were published in the Transactions of the Institution of Civil Engineers . The repairs of the Montrose Suspension Bridge , after its fall , were confided to him , and he there introduced the system of imparting that rigidity to the platform of the roadway which is now admitted to be so essential to the safety of these structures . He was also engaged in the surveys for a railway between Exeter and Plymouth , but the necessary funds not being provided , the scheme was abandoned , and the district eventually falling under the control of the Great Western Railway Company , the present line of railway was constructed by Mr. Brunel . In the year 1838 Mr. Rendel removed to London , where he was soon consulted upon many important works , and was engaged in the chief parliamentary contests of that remarkable period in the history of engineering . About this time he designed the Pier at Millbay , where he introduced the system of construction since employed with so much success at the harbours of Holyhead and Portland . Engagements poured in fast upon him , and his career was for the next few years one of unceasing activity , chiefly in the construction of Harbours or Docks , and the improvement of Rivers and Estuaries . In the year 1843 , the projected construction of Docks at Birkenhead , in Cheshire , of such an extent as to create a formidable rival to Liverpool , brought Mr. Rendel very prominently before the world ; and the protracted contests on this subject will be long remembered in the history of Parliamentary Committees , for the ability with which he defended his positions ; and the evidence given by him and other Engineers , as now collected , forms a valuable record of the state of engineering practice . The almost incessant labour , and the mental anxiety inseparable from this undertaking , were more than even his powerful constitution could support , and it is feared that they tended to shorten his valuable life . The daring project of constructing a dock at Great Grimsby , by projecting the works far out upon the mud-banks of the River Humber , was next successfully accomplished ; and he commenced the two great works which alone suffice to hand down his name to posterity , beside those of Smeaton , Rennie , and Telford , the Harbours of Refuge of Holyhead and Portland ; both these works were conceived with the largest views , and have been carried on with great rapidity . In both cases the system was adopted of establishing timber stages over the line of the jetties and depositing the large and small stones together , as they came from the quarries , by dropping them vertically from railway waggons into their positions ; thus bringing up the mass simultaneously to above the level of the sea . In this manner as much as 24,000 tons of stone have been deposited in one week , and to supply this vast demand , monster blasts of five or six tons of gunpowder were frequently employed . These two great works are advancing very satisfactorily ; and it is worthy of remark , that although the severe storms which have repeatedly occurred on the exposed coasts where they are situated , have done some injury to portions of the stages , and of the temporary works , at Holyhead where the piles were not shod with Mitchell 's screws , which proved so successful at Portland-not a stone would appear to have been carried away from the jetties ; and the success of the system may be said to be complete , in spite of the sinister predictions which prevailed before it was tried . Among the other works upon which Mr. Rendel was engaged , should also be mentioned the constructions on the River Lea , and the improvements of the Nene river ; the latter an undertaking of considerable difficulty , and not yet completed . He was also employed by the Exchequer Loan Commissioners to report upon the drainage and other public works in Ireland . He was less engaged in railways than in hydraulic works , but in England he executed the Birkenhead , Lancashire , and Cheshire Junction Line , and in India he had the direction of the " East Indian " and the " Madras Railways , " the former projected by Mr. ( now Sir Rowland ) Macdonald Stevenson , as the first of the vast system now in progress which will doubtless exert a mighty influence on the future destiny of the Indian Empire . The Ceylon and the Pernambuco lines were also under his charge . It would unduly extend this sketch to notice in particular the various hydraulic works upon which Mr. Rendel was engaged , as there was scarcely a harbour or river of importance in the kingdom with which he was not connected in some capacity . His advice was also sought by foreign countries ; and he was engaged to report upon works for the Brazilian , the Prussian and the Sardinian governments , and was nominated by the Viceroy of Egypt a Member of the International Commission for considering the construction of the Canal across the Isthmus of Suez . He was a man of great energy , clear perception , and correct judgment ; his practical knowledge was well directed , and he knew how to make good use of the scientific acquirements and skill of all whose services he engaged . His evidence before Parliamentary Committees was lucid and convincing , seldom failing in carrying his point ; and his Reports on Engineering works are distinguished by the clearness and correctness of his views and the fearless expression of his opinion , and are so well conceived and drawn up , that it may be hoped they will be given to the world . With these qualities , which were fully appreciated , it need scarcely be added that he rose rapidly to a very high position in his profession . He became a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1843 , and was elected upon the Council ; he was a very early Member of the Institution of Civil Engineers , having joined it in 1824 . I-He had been for the last sixteen years upon the Council , and held the post of President during the years 1852 and 1853 . Mr. Rendel was as amiable and kind in private life as he was energetic and firm in public , and his decease , which occurred on the 21st of November , 1856 , cast a gloom over the whole of the profession of which he was a brilliant ornament . Rear-Admiral FREDERICK WILLIAM BEECHEY , V.P.R.S. , P.R.G.S. , was the second son of the eminent painter Sir William Beechey , R.A. He was born on the 17th of February , 1796 , and his godfather was H.R.H. the Duke of Clarence , afterwards William the Fourth . When only ten years of age , he was sent to sea on board the ' Hibernia , ' under the immediate patronage of Lord St. Vincent ; and it may be justly presumed that the well-known sentiments and practice of that stern disciplinarian had no small influence in forming the young seaman 's professional character , and especially in inspiring that unremitting activity and devotion to duty for which in afterlife he was conspicuous . After a short time passed on board the ' Minotaur , ' young Beechey went with the gallant Sir Sidney Smith , in the 'Foudroyant , ' to Brazil . In 1811 he served on board the 'Astraea , ' frigate , Captain Schomberg , and as an ardent youth of fifteen , and captain 's aid-decamp , shared in those long and gallant actions off Madagascar , in which his ship bore a part , and which ended in the capture of two French frigates , and the surrender to the British of the Fort and Settlement of Tamatave . After this he remained a short time on the home station , and in 1815 was on board the 'Vengeur ' in the Expedition against New Orleans , and took part in the operations on the Mississippi in support of the general attack on the American lines . While on board the ' Tonnant ' he received his commission as Lieutenant , dated 10th of March , 1815 , and in the following year was appointed to the e Niger , ' frigate , on the North-American station . In January 1818 , when he had been nearly twelve years in active service , Lieutenant Beechey commenced his career as an Arctic voyager , under his friend the late Sir John Franklin , in the ' Trent , which vessel was associated with the ' Dorothea , ' Captain Buchan , in an attempt to discover a northern communication between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans . In this Expedition many important scientific observations were made , and much useful information was gained respecting the coast of Spitzbergen and the sea adjacent ; and it is worthy of note , that , with the exception perhaps of some early voyages by the Dutch , this , and the contemporaneous voyage of Captain Ross to Baffin 's Bay , were the first in which very deep soundings were obtained ; mud and stone being brought up from the bottom at a depth of more than a thousand fathoms , by means of the contrivance called " deep-sea clamms . " A narrative of this Expedition was published by Lieut . Beechey in 1843 , and has often been favourably noticed by foreign as well as English journals . On his return from this voyage , Beechey and his late commander , Lieutenant Franklin , volunteered to attempt to reach the North Pole by a journey over the ice ; and with this view they submitted to the Admiralty a plan of proceeding , which was afterwards adopted , and to a great extent carried out by Sir Edward Parry in 1827 . In January 1819 Lieutenant Beechey was appointed to the ' Hecla , ' under the command of Lieutenant ( afterwards Sir Edward ) Parry , with whom he penetrated to the western longitude of 113 55F , within the Arctic Circle , wintered at Melville Island , and shared the Parliamentary reward of ? 5000 . In these Arctic expeditions the merits of Lieut . Beechey as an able and vigilant officer , a skilful astronomical observer , and an accomplished draughtsman , met with general recognition ; but it was also in these memorable voyages , through hardships and exertions , disregarded as usual at , the time by a young and ardent adventurer , -that the foundation was laid of disease , which was destined to terminate prematurely his valuable life . In January 1821 Lieut . Beechey was appointed to the 'Adventure , ' then commanded by Captain ( now Rear-Admiral Smyth ) ; and in November of the same year , he was detached from the ship in charge of an Expedition along the northern shores of Africa , and round the greater Syrtis towards Egypt . In this Expedition Lieut . Beechey surveyed all the coast between Tripoli and Derna , explored the country and antiquities of the Cyrenaica , and determined the sites of the five cities of the Pentapolis . In this service he was accompanied by his brother Mr. Henry Beechey , whose intimate knowledge of the language , as well as of the manners and customs of the inhabitants , acquired whilst with Messrs. Salt and Belzoni during their researches among the Pyramids , was of the greatest assistance . An account of this interesting Expedition was published in 1828 . While on this service Lieut . Beechey was promoted ; and in January 1825 was appointed to command the 'Blossom ' on a voyage to the Pacific and Arctic Oceans , intended to co-operate with the Polar Expeditions under Parry and Franklin . During this voyage he passed twice through Behring 's Strait , and explored the northwest coast of America , 120 miles beyond the farthest point of Cook , attaining to lat . 71 ? N. and long . 156 ? W. , --a spot scarcely 150 miles from the extreme point reached by Franklin overland . The intervals between the seasons available for Arctic navigation were passed in visiting many parts of the Pacific Ocean , where he discovered and made surveys of several new islands , and contributed largely to the hydrography and general knowledge of those regions . In 1827 Commander Beechey was promoted to the rank of Captain , and in the following year returned to England with his ship , in which , notwithstanding her dull sailing , he had traversed 73,000 miles , and rendered valuable service to navigation and general science . In 1831 he published a narrative of this voyage , replete with interesting and valuable information , and evincing throughout the high qualifications of the author for the conduct of such an Expedition . In 1835 Captain Beechey was appointed to the 'Sulphur , ' to undertake another voyage of exploration and survey , but the inroads which engrossing pursuits and incessant mental activity had even then made in his health , obliged him to return home from Valparaiso in 1836 . After an interval of leisure passed with his family , his ardent desire of active employment induced him , in 1837 , to accept an appointment to conduct various surveys of the Irish Sea and the Western Coasts of England and Wales . Among the important results of these surveys was a series of observations on the Tides around the British Islands , which formed the subject of a paper read before the Royal Society , and published in the 'Philosophical Transactions ; ' and the estimation of Captain Beechey 's labours by the Society may be judged of by the fact , that the Council requested the Admiralty to afford him the means of continuing his inquiries . For some years subsequently , Captain Beechey was chiefly employed in continuing these services , and in reporting to Government on harbours , stations for marine postal communication , and other public undertakings of a like description . In 1848 and 1849 he attended Her Majesty in her visits to Scotland and Ireland , in charge of the pilotage of the Royal Squadron ; and in 1851 he was appointed Aide-de-camp to the Queen . The Government having resolved to establish the Marine Department of the Board of Trade , Captain Beechey was chosen to assist in its organization , and in this important and very onerous duty , to which he was appointed in 1850 , he laboured incessantly , day and night , to the great detriment of his health . In 1853 he was selected to take part in the " Meteorological Conference " held at Brussels , for the purpose of devising a great scheme of international co-operation in obtaining meteorological observations at sea , which was to be promoted and superintended on the part of England , by the Marine Department of the Board of Trade . In the following year he obtained his Flag as Rear-Admiral on the active list . Admiral Beechey had long been Fellow of the Astronomical , Geological , and Geographical Societies , and had contributed valuable communications to these bodies . He was elected into the Royal Society in 1824 , and in 1854 was nominated a Vice-President ; at the time of his decease he was President of the Royal Geographical Society . A short time before Admiral Beechey 's acceptance of the Presidency of the Geographical Society , he was attacked by severe illness , the consequence of hardships endured and bodily and mental powers overstrained , in the cause of science and of that profession to which through life he was so earnestly devoted . The Chair was , however , left vacant in the hope of his speedy recovery , and on this hope being to some extent fulfilled , he was unanimously elected , and entered with his usual zeal on the duties of that honourable position . This was in 1855 : in May of the following year he delivered his Presidential Address at the Anniversary Meeting of the Society , and this was his last conspicuous public duty . His health , notwithstanding his partial recovery , was permanently broken , and a renewed attack of illness terminated his useful life on the 29th of November , 1856 , in the sixty-first year of his age . It may be long before we are called on to record public services of nearly half a century more ably , earnestly , and usefully performed than those of Admiral Beechey . On his private virtues this is not the occasion to expatiate ; it will suffice here to say that he was a sincere Christian , and a gentleman in the best sense of the term , and that through life he was supported by a firm trust in Providence , and actuated by a single-minded determination at all times to do his duty . Admiral Beechey married , in 1828 , Charlotte , youngest daughter of Colonel Stapleton , of Thorpe Lee , Surrey , and has left several children . 
OBITUARY NOTICES OF FELLOWS DECEASED BETWEEN 30TH Nov. 1863 AND 30TH Nov. 1864 . Capt. WILLIAM ALLEN entered the Navy in 1805 . At the passage of the Dardanelles , by Sir John Duckworth , he served on board 'The Standard ; ' and afterwards took part in the expedition against Java . He was engaged in the Niger exploration under Capt. Trotter in 1841 , and in 1848 published an account of the Voyage , in two volumes . In 1855 he brought out another work on the " Dead Sea , and the Overland Communication with the East , " in which he recommended the cutting of a canal from the Mediterranean to the Dead Sea . He was an active member of the Royal Geographical Society , and was elected into the Royal Society in 1844 . He died in January , aged seventy-one . In the Rev. Dr. WILLIAM CURETON , Canon of Westminster , ancient literature has lost one of the ablest of Syriac scholars . His 'Corpus Ignatianum , ' an edition of an ancient Syriac version of the Epistles of St. Ignatius , with commentaries , published in 1845 , established his reputation as an Orientalist , and became the occasion of a spirited controversy which was carried on for some years among students of ancient texts . This was followed by an edition of a palimpsest of portions of Homer , discovered in a convent in the Levant , and in 1855 by ' Spicilegium Syriacum , ' in both of which Dr. Cureton exhibited profound and accurate scholarship . He was continuing his researches into old Syriac versions of St. Matthew 's Gospel at the time of his decease ; and , considering how valuable were the services he rendered to that department of literature , the accident by which those services were interrupted is the more to be deplored . Dr. Cureton was born in 1808 . About two years before his death , which took place at Westbury , Shropshire , on June 17 , 1864 , he sustained so severe a shock from an accident to a railway-train in which he was travelling , that his health remained permanently impaired . He was educated at Christ Church , Oxford , and was ordained a priest in 1834 ; in 1847 he was appointed Chaplain in Ordinary to the Queen , and in 1849 was preferred to a canonry of Westminster , and therewith to the rectorship of St. Margaret 's . Besides these ecclesiastical employments , he held for a short time the place of Sublibrarian to the Bodleian Library ; in 1837 he became Assistant-keeper of the MSS . in the British Museum , and was afterwards appointed one of the Trustees of the Museum on the part of the Crown . He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1838 . JOSEPH HENRY GREEN was born in London , on the 1st of November , 1791 , and died at Hadley , Middlesex , on the 13th of December , 1863 . Mr. Green 's father was a merchant of high standing in the City of London , and his mother was a sister of Mr. Cline , the eminent surgeon . His school education was begun in this country , but completed in Germany , where , accompanied by his mother , he spent three years , chiefly in Hanover . At the age of eighteen he was apprenticed to his uncle , Mr. Cline , and entered on the study of medicine at St. Thomas 's Hospital , of which Mr. Cline was surgeon . In 1813 he married Miss Anne Eliza Hammond . This lady , who survives him , was the daughter of Mr. Hammond , surgeon at Southgate , and sister of an early friend and fellow student . In 1815 Mr. Green became a member of the College of Surgeons , and was soon afterwards appointed Demonstrator of Anatomy at St. Thomas 's Hospital . While in this office he published a Dissector 's Manual , ' which bore advantageous comparison with the books of the same kind then in use . In the meantime Mr. Cline had retired from St. Thomas 's , and was succeeded by his son Mr. Henry Cline , on whose early death , in 1820 , Mr. Green was appointed Surgeon to that Hospital , and Lecturer on Surgery in the Medical School , in conjunction with Sir Astley Cooper , who withdrew from the joint office in 1825 . The advantageous position in which Mr. Green was now placed , and his own merit , speedily gained for him the confidence of his profession and the public . In 1824 he was appointed Professor of Anatomy to the Royal College of Surgeons ; in 1825 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society ( in later years he served on the Council ) . Also in 1825 he received the appointment of Professor of Anatomy to the Royal Academy , and in the latter part of that year delivered the first of a long succession of annual courses on Anatomy in its relation to the Fine Arts . Ere now , too , he had acquired a considerable and increasing share in the private practice of his profession . Respecting the Lectures at the College of Surgeons , which formed one comprehensive course distributed over four years , Professor Owen , who heard them delivered , thus writes to Mr. Simon*.:- " For the first time in England the comparative anatomy of the whole animal kingdom was described , and illustrated by such a series of enlarged and coloured diagram . as had never before been seen . The vast array of facts was linked by refer . ence to the underlying Unity , as it had been advocated by Oken and Carus . The Comparative Anatomy of the latter was the text-book of the Course ... . . Green illustrated , in his grand course , Carus rather than Hunter ; the dawning philosophy of Anatomy in Germany , rather than the teleology which Abernethy and Carlisle had previously given as Hunterian , not knowing their master . " Of Mr. Green 's lectures at the Royal Academy ( where he retained his professorship till 1852 ) , Mr. Simon , who attended several of the courses , thus expresses himself:- " His teaching at the Royal Academy , like all his teaching , was characterized by a very deep-going and comprehensive treatment of his subject . He recognized , of course , that the details of anatomy ( even of mere artistic surface-anatomy ) could not be adequately spoken of , much less conveyed , in the six formal lectures which he had annually to deliver ... ... Not indeed that he omitted to survey , or surveyed otherwise than admirably , the composition and mechanism of the human body ; and perhaps no mere anatomist ever taught more effectively than he what are the bodily materials and arrangement which represent the aptitude for strength , equipoise , and grace , or what respective shares are contributed by bone , muscle , and tegument to the various visible phenomena of form and gesture , attitude and action . But to this he did not confine himself . Specially in the one or two introductory or closing lectures of each course , but at times also by digression in other lectures , he set before his hearers that which to them , as artists , was ' matter of at least equal concern the science of interpreting human expression and appreciating human beauty . His discourses on these subjects were very deeply considered . Necessarily they were of wide philosophical range . And they were enriched with numberless illustrative references to the history of Art , and to the master-works of ancient and modern sculpture and painting . " On the establishment of King 's College in 1830 , Mr. Green was nominated Professor of Surgery , and continued to hold the Professorship till 1836 , when he resigned it ( on retiring to live in the country ) , and was elected a Member of the Governing Council of the institution . Of his surgical lectures it is stated on the best authority that the technical instruction imparted , perfect as it was , was by no means their sole excellence ; they had also a moral aim , and were admirably fitted to exert a favourable influence on the habits of thought and future professional character of his young hearers . In 1835 Mr. Green was elected on the Council of the College of Surgeons , and in 1846 appointed to the Court of Examiners . In 1840 and 1847 he delivered the Hunterian Oration ; in 1849-50 and again in 1858-59 he was President ; in 1853 he exchanged his post of Surgeon to St. Thomas 's for the honorary appointment ( then first made ) of Consulting Surgeon to that institution ; and on the creation , by the Medical Act of 1858 , of the General Council of Medical Education and Registration , he was chosen by the College of Surgeons to be its representative in the new body . Two years later , when the post of President of the Medical Council became vacant by the retirement of Sir Benjamin Brodie , the Council unanimously elected Mr. Green to the office ; and he continued in it , with the warmest regard and confidence of its members , for the remaining three years of his life . Mr. Green thus attained to the foremost rank in his profession , and came to occupy with universal assent its highest public offices ; but the contemplation of his professional and public career would convey a wholly inadequate notion of his intrinsic mental tendencies and pursuits , and the scope of his intellectual activity . From his early years he had a bent towards the study of abstract philosophy in its largest and highest sense ; and to gratify his inclination he , in the summer of 1817 , found time to spend a few months in Berlin to go through a private course of reading on philosophy with Professor Solger , on whom , as well as on Ludwig Tieck whom he had met in London , his amiable disposition and " noble eagerness for knowledge " made a most favourable impression . Probably about this time also he became acquainted with Coleridge , and contracted an admiration of his philosophy ; soon afterwards , at any rate , a close intimacy grew up between them , which continued during the rest of Coleridge 's life , " Invariably he spent with Coleridge they two alone at their work-many hours of every week , in talk of pupil and master . And so year after year , ? he sat at the feet of his Gamaliel , getting more and more insight of the teacher 's beliefs and aspirations , till , in 1834 , two events occurred which determined the remaining course of his life . On the one hand , his father died , and he became possessed of amply sufficient means for his profession to be no longer needful to his maintenance . On the other hand , Coleridge himself died . And the language of Coleridge 's last will and testament , together no doubt with verbal communications which had passed , imposed on Mr. Green what he accepted as an obligation to devote , so far as necessary , the whole remaining strength and earnestness of his life to the one task of systematizing , developing , and establishing the doctrines of the Coleridgian philosophy , ' Influenced by these circumstances he withdrew from private practice and resigned his professorship at King 's College . Then , too , he gave up his London house and retired to reside at Hadley ; and although he did not relinquish his interest in the practical aspects of his profession or his care for the amendment of its institutions , continuing still to take an active share in the government of the College of Surgeons , and finally presiding in the Medical Council , yet all such occupations and objects then became secondary in his mind to the one object of his philosophical studies and the fulfilment of the task he had undertaken . With this purpose Mr. Green entered upon the widest possible range of study ; for he deemed it necessary to test the applicability of the Coleridgian system to all branches of methodized human knowledge . Accordingly , in the twenty-seven years of life that remained to him , " Theology , Ethics , Politics and Political History , Ethnology , Language , LEsthetics , Psychology , Physics and the Allied Sciences , Biology , Logic , Mathematics , Pathology-all were thoughtfully studied by him in at least their basial principles and metaphysics , and most were elaborately written of as though for the divisions of some vast encyclopaedic work . " Mr. Green took advantage of the public discourses which on more than one occasion he was called on to deliver , to make known his opinions on the relation of the Coleridgian philosophy to the study of science and the learned professions . Of these there have appeared in print his Address on the opening of the Medical Session at King 's College in 1832 , the Hunterian Oration for 1840 , entitled " Vital Dynamics , " and that for 1847 , with the title " Mental Dynamics . " But as years advanced , certain threatening bodily ailments warned him that it was time to utilize in a systematic and communicable form , at least a part of the fruits of his vast preparatory labour ; and he accordingly determined to complete a work which should give in system the doctrines , especially the theological and ethical doctrines , which he deemed most distinctively Coleridgian ; and to this he devoted what in effect proved to be the whole available remainder of his life . The result is a work in two volumes published under the editorship of Mr. Simon . The first volume is devoted to the general principles of philosophy , while the second is entirely theological , and especially aims at vindicating c priori ( on principles for which the first volume has contended ) , the essential doctrines of Christianity . The mental qualities and character of Mr. Green will be found ably delineated in Mr. Simon 's memoir ; suffice it here to say that his life , both private and public , was a life of benevolence , probity , truth , and honour . Mr. HUDSON GURNEY , who died at the advanced age of ninety-five , was one of the well-known Norfolk family of that name , members of the Society of Friends , and through his wife was connected with the Barclays of Ury . He was for many years a leading Member of the House of Commons , distinguished by the favour he showed to men of letters , and the literary and art collections which he formed . In 1811 he published a poem , 'Cupid and Psyche , ' based on the Golden Ass of Apuleius . He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1818 . LEONARD HORNER , the third and youngest son of Mr. John Horner , linen-merchant in Edinburgh , was born on the 17th of January , 1785 . It was but natural that with an early enthusiasm for science he should have become a geologist ; for in Edinburgh at that time Hutton , Hall , Playfair , and a band of zealous followers , by observation in the field and by experiment in the workshop , were gathering materials for a new philosophy of geology , and were waging a keen warfare with the partizans of Werner . The year of Mr. Horner 's birth was that in which Hutton 's famous excursion to the granite of Glen Tilt was made . I-e was three years old when that philosopher unfolded his new theory to the Royal Society of Edinburgh , and he had grown up to be a High School boy of ten years of age when the immortal 'Theory of the Earth ' was published . At that time , indeed , according to his own confession , he was a thoughtless youth with no special liking for study , and a vague passion for the sea . But these scientific discussions had not come to a close when he grew up to be able to understand and take an interest in them , and their influence is to be traced throughout his life . He entered the University of Edinburgh in 1799 , and attended the lectures of Playfair on Mathematics . In 1802 he was studying moral philosophy under Dugald Stewart , and chemistry with Hope ; and it was when fairly launched into these studies that his mind took that bent towards natural science by which it was marked during the rest of his life . " From that time , " he writes , " began a new state of mind . I took an interest in the subject , bought apparatus , made experiments , and destroyed many of my mother 's towels . I took a particular interest in mineralogy , began to make a collection of specimens , cultivated acquaintence with some fellow students who had the same turn , and read Playfair 's 'Illustrations of the Huttonian Theory , ' of which I became a worshipper , having heard it well expounded by Dr. Hope . " He was too young to have personal intercourse with Hutton , though he tells how he used to hear much in his own family of the " ingenuity , acuteness , and even light-hearted playfulness " of that philosopher . But he became attached to the Professor of Mathematics , to whom sixty years afterwards he referred from the chair of the Geological Society as his " venerable friend the able and eloquent Playfair . " At the age of nineteen Mr. Horner left Edinburgh to become partner in a branch of his father 's business , which it was proposed to carry on in London . His elder brother Francis was already rising to eminence in the House of Commons ; so that Mr. Horner soon found himself in the midst of a large circle of friends , among whom were not a few of note in science and literature . Two years afterwards he married Miss Lloyd , daughter of a landed proprietor in Yorkshire , and took a house in London . His love for geology , however , was not quenched by the claims of business , for we find him , the year after his marriage , joining the newly-founded Geological Society . Nor did he become an inactive member . In 1810 , the second year after his election , he was chosen one of the Secretaries of the Society , and from that time down almost to the very day of his death , he continued one of its most zealous and unwearying members . In 1815 he found himself under the necessity of returning to Edinburgh to take a personal superintendence of his business there . Two years afterwards his brother Francis , with whom he had journeyed to Italy in a vain search for health , died full of promise . When Mr. Horner had recovered from the blow of this sad loss , his active mind sought new scope for itself in the organization of political meetings , wherein the young Whiggism was developed , for which Edinburgh afterwards came to be so noted . In this , as in many other features of his life , Mr. Horner showed the practical and methodical character of his mind , as well as his social disposition ; for these meetings were not arranged without exciting much keen opposition and political feeling . His residence in Edinburgh was marked by the success of anotherproject-one of themostwidelyuseful of all his schemes for thebenefit of his fellow-men . In March 1821 , happening to observe some watchmakers at work , he was led to inquire whether they ever received any mathematical education . On being told that they did not , and that , though anxious to obtain such instruction , they could not afford to pay for it , the idea occurred to him to found a school for the training of mechanics in those branches of science which would aid them in their daily work . Hence arose the Edinburgh School of Arts . Mr. Horner laboured hard for the success of this scheme , and he lived to see it completely successful . He acted as Secretary of the School for the first six years ; and during all the rest of his life , even though no longer resident in Edinburgh , he continued to take an active interest in the institution and in its prominent students . He several times gave donations of books to the library , and in 1858 invested a sum of money for an annual prize of three guineas . The usefulness of this school has been great . About seven hundred young men are entered annually as students in mathematics , chemistry , or natural philosophy , and receive at small cost instruction which would otherwise lie beyond their reach . Several of the foremost engineers of the present day have been students there . It was in remembrance of this and similar kinds of philanthropic activity , that Lord Cockburn styled Mr. Horner " one of the most useful citizens Edinburgh ever possessed . " Mr. Horner left Edinburgh in the year 1827 to assume the office of Warden in the University of London , a post at which he laboured for four years , until his failing health led him to seek a retreat with his family on the banks of the Rhine . At Bonn he had leisure to renew his old love for mineralogical and physical geology ; and in making himself acquainted with the geological structure of the district , he at the same time formed a life-long friendship with some of the most eminent men of science and learning there . On his return to England in 1833 he was appointed one of a Commission to inquire into the employment of children in the factories of Great Britain . The Report of this Commission gave rise to the Factory Act , under which Mr. Horner was made one of the Inspectors of Factories , an office which , through good and ill report , he laboriously and conscientiously filled for nearly thirty years . His zeal for the interests of the women and children in the factories often placed him in conditions of great delicacy , yet , notwithstanding opposition and disparagement , he continued his exertions , and earned the gratitude of the workers , while he was at the same time rewarded by finding an ever-increasing number of millowners who acknowledged the benefits of the Act which it was his duty to enforce . During these busy years , however , he never lost or relinquished his interest in the progress of science , and more especially of Geology . No face was more constantly seen at the Meetings of the Royal and Geological Societies than that of Mr. Horner . He had become a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1813 , and in various years served on the Council . In 1845 he took an active part in the reform of the Society , whereby the mode of Election of new Members was modified . In the year 1857 he was nominated Vice-President . In the Geological Society he took a still more prominent part . Besides reading papers at its Meetings , he became in 1846 its President , an office which he again filled in 1860 . He was unremitting in his attention to all that might in any way further the interests or usefulness of the Society . He worked with his own hands in the Museum , arranging and cataloguing its stores of specimens ; and he carried on this task at intervals up to within a short period of his death , labouring often to the verge of his physical strength . To his suggestion is due the publication of the Quarterly Journal of Papers read at the Society 's Meetings , one of the most important undertakings of this Society . When Mr. Horner at last resigned the office of Inspector of Factories , although now seventy-five years of age , he still remained so full of youthful energy , that he looked forward hopefully to spend yet a few years in more undivided attention to his favourite science . Unable longer for the toils of out-of-door geology , he resumed with fresh zeal the arrangement of the Geological Society 's Museum , anxious that its stores of rock-specimens should be classified in such a form as in the end to afford a comparative series of the different rocks throughout the globe . The failing health of his wife interrupted this task , and induced him to spend the winter of 1861-62 at Florence . There , as at Bonn , he found a ready welcome into the cultivated and learned society of that city . While there , he occupied himself with translating from the Italian Villari 's 'Life of Savonarola , ' and published it in England a few months afterwards . Mrs. Horner 's health , however , which had continued a source of anxiety to him , at last gave way , and she died as the family was on the point of returning to England . When Mr Horner came back to London , his friends saw with concern that this great sorrow had told only too plainly upon his health . His strength began to fail , but his energy seemed as fresh as ever . He returned to his labours among the collections of the Geological Society , and day after day he was found poring over dusty specimens , describing and cataloguing them with the same perseverance and even enthusiasm which he had shown from the beginning . A few months after his return from Italy , viz . during the summer of 1862 , he paid his last visit to his native city . Never was his welcome warmer . He came at the time when the schools were passing through their public examination previous to dismissal for the autumn holydays the High School where he himself had been educated , and the Academy which , with Lord Cockburn , he had founded . He attended the examinations , addressed the boys , presented some of the prizes , and showed at the end of his long life the same deep interest in education and in the pursuits of youth . His old Edinburgh friends , too-now a yearly decreasing number vied with each other in their attention to the venerable philanthropist . Returning from Scotland to London , he fixed upon the 15th of March , 1864 , as the day when he should leave England to revisit the grave of his wife at Florence . But before that day came round a cold seized him , followed by extreme weakness , and he died calmly on the 5th of March . Physical geology was the branch of science to which Mr. Horner more specially devoted himself . The influence of his early acquaintance with Playfair and the Huttonian geologists at Edinburgh is visible throughout his scientific course . He began the study imbued with the prevailing ideas regarding the importance of mineralogical geology ; and his first papers that on the Malvern Hills , and that on Somersetshire-may be taken as characteristic specimens of the mineralogical system of treatment by which the geology of the early part of this century was marked . But though from the state of the science at that time ( 1811-1815 ) it was not to be expected that he should succeed in unravelling the complicated geological relations of the different rocks , it is yet interesting to mark how he carried with him the spirit of careful observation in which Playfair had trained him , and how readily he saw among the hills of England proofs of the truth of the Huttonian system . During his active life he had few opportunities of doing much in field-geology . When he found a little leisure in his retreat at Bonn , he at once reverted to his favourite science , and the results of his sojourn were given to the Geological Society in a paper on the Geology of the Environs of that town . During the same interval of rest he was led , in the true spirit of the Huttonian school , to institute a series of experiments on the quantity of solid matter suspended in the water of the Rhine , with the view of arriving at some " measure of the amount of abraded stone transported to the sea , there to constitute the materials of new strata now in progress of formation . " These researches have become classic in the history of geology . Fifteen years later a similar kind of inquiry greatly interested him when Lepsius called attention to certain sculptured marks in the valley of the Nile ; and in 1851 he obtained from the Royal Society a grant of money for the purpose of excavations to be made in the Nile alluvium . To link together the earliest human with the latest geological history seemed to him an object worthy of earnest prosecution . After four years of exploration , carried on according to a plan drawn up and sent out by him to Egypt , Mr. Horner published the results of his researches in the 'Philosophical Transactions ' for 1855 . His presidential addresses to the Geological Society were devoted to a survey of the progress of geology . They are remarkable for the sympathy which they show for views far in advance of those in which he had himself been trained . But it is not by the number or character of his writings that Mr. Horner 's influence among the scientific men of his day is to be estimated . His age and experience , his association with the early days of British geology , his political connexions , his sound judgment and careful business habits , joined to his excellent social qualities , gave him a position which none can now fill . And he retained his influence in no small measure from the singular fervour and youthfulness of his mind . Instead of clinging to old methods and beliefs as one of his years and early predilections might have been expected to do , he was found ever ready to receive and sympathize with new developments of truth , and to uphold the cause of progress in all departments of science . Even at the last , when he read his final address to the Geological Society , he pleaded boldly for the high antiquity of the human race in opposition to popular prejudice on this subject , and claimed for the speculations of Mr. Darwin the thoughtful consideration of all lovers of truth . Mr. Horner 's death severed a link closely and visibly connecting the geologists of today with the early masters of the science in this country , and closed a long and honourable life , full of all kindliness , and ever devoted to the welfare of his fellow men . LUKE HOWARD was born in London in 1772 , a date which carries us back to the early years of the reign of George III . , and opens a long vista of history in which great political changes are rivalled by the grandest discoveries of modern science . Luke Howard 's parents , members of the Society of Friends , sent their son to a country school in North Oxfordshire , where , as he was accustomed to say in after life , " he learnt too much of Latin grammar and too little of anything else . " But having even then an observing eye , he began to notice the appearances of the sky and forms of clouds ; and his inclination towards meteorology appears to have been fixed by his impressions of the remarkable atmospheric and meteoric phenomena which , as those acquainted with the history of meteorology will remember , characterized the year 1783 . From school young Howard went as apprentice to a chemist at Stockport , which was then a quiet country town . In this situation he devoted his spare hours to the course of self-improvement which he had already begun , and acquired that knowledge of French , botany , and the principles of chemistry , which were so useful to him in after years . The quickening effect produced on his mind by the works of Lavoisier he described as " like sunrise after morning moonlight , " an effect which has been felt by many a student . In 1798 he entered into partnership with William Allen , whose reputation as a manufacturing chemist has long been recognized . This connexion , however , was brought to an amicable close a few years later , and Howard , taking as his portion the laboratory at Plaistow , applied himself to the business therewith connected , and to his favourite scientific pursuits . Making use of his observations of natural phenomena , he wrote a paper " On the Modifications of Clouds , " and read it at a meeting of the Askesian Society , of which he and his friend Allen were members . This paper , as he himself tells us , " the result of his early boyish musings , enriched by the observations of many a walk or ride , morning and evening , to or from his day 's work at the laboratory , " was published in 1803 , and made known the author 's name and ability to a wider circle . The Askesian was not a publishing Society ; otherwise Luke Howard might have been better known than he is as a pioneer in departments of science besides meteorology . " I know , " writes one of his friends , " that one or more of his papers related to atmospheric electricity , and another was an anticipation of the cell-theory , as regards the structure and functions of plants , founded on microscopic investigations , " Many , if not all , the articles on meteorology in ' Rees 's Cyclopedia , ' were written by Luke Howard . He contributed a series of papers to the 'Athenaeum , ' embodying the results of his meteorological observations from the year 1806 ; and these he published in two volumes ( ) , under the title " Climate of London , deduced from Meteorological Observations made in the Neighbourhood . " This , republished in 1833 , in three volumes , has become one of our standard works on meteorology . Luke Howard was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1821 . From that time his reputation as a meteorologist increased , and eminent persons in many parts of the world opened a correspondence with him , which , in some instances , became the initiation of a lasting friendship . Although the increasing perfection of philosophical apparatus has superseded some of his methods of observation , there can be no doubt that his labours imparted more of a scientific character to meteorology than it had ever received before . His classification of the clouds is the one still recognized at all observatories , and remains an evidence of the quick eye he had for form and colour , and of the daily labour which was to him a labour of love . One who knew him well in the latter part of his life , says , " Those who lived with him will not soon forget his interest in the appearance of the sky . Whether at morning , noon , or night , he would go out to look around on the heavens , and notice the changes going on . His intelligent remarks and pictorial descriptions gave a character to the scene never before realized by some . A beautiful sunset was a real and intense delight to him ; he would stand at the window , change his position , go out of doors , and watch it to the last lingering ray ; and long after he ceased , from failing memory , to name the 'cirrus , ' or ' cumulus , ' he would derive a mental feast from the gaze , and seem to recognize old friends in their outlines . " Sharing in the active beneficence so characteristic of the Society of Friends , Luke Howard readily aided endeavours for the religious and moral as well as the material welfare of the community . Not least important among these was the seeking to mitigate by pecuniary means the sufferings of the Germans during the campaigns immediately preceding the first abdication of Napoleon . In Ackworth School well-known establishment of the Friends-he took a lively interest ; and to participate the more directly therein , as well as to offer hospitality to the annual visitors to the school , he bought the Ackworth Villa estate in 1823 , making it his summer residence , and Tottenham his winter residence , during the greater part of his life . In 1796 Luke Howard married Mariabella Eliot , a member of the same Society with which he was himself connected . Of their family of seven children two sons only survived their parents . About his eightieth year he was much enfeebled by alarming attacks of illness ; and the death of his wife following , after a union of fifty-six years , added sorrow to his weakness . Henceforward his life was a subdued waiting for the end . He died at Tottenham on the 21st March , 1864 . A portrait of Luke Howard , bequeathed to one of his friends , is eventually to be added to the Royal Society 's collection . Besides the works above mentioned , he published-Essay on the Modifications of Clouds , 1832 ; Seven Lectures on Meteorology , 1837 ; a Cycle of Eighteen Years in the Seasons of Britain , & c. , 1842 ; Barometrographia-Twenty Years ' Variation of the Barometer in the Climate of Britain , 1847 ; Papers on Meteorology , 1850-54 ; and The Yorkshireman , a religious and.literary Periodical , in 5 vols . , . WILLIAM CHADWELL MYLNE was born in London , on the 6th of April , 1781 , and died on the 25th of December , 1863 . His father , Robert Mylne , F.R.S. , a native of Edinburgh , and the representative of a long line of Scotch architects , commenced his career in London in 1759 by building Blackfriars Bridge , and held the appointment of Engineer to the New River Water Works , to which his son , the subject of this notice , succeeded in 1810 . Mr. Mylne may be said to have been from his cradle bred an engineer . When a boy only sixteen years of age he was engaged with the younger Mr. Golborne in the Fen country in staking out the lands for his father 's great scheme of the Eau Brink Cut , an undertaking which , through opposing interests , was defeated at that time , but was eventually carried out by Mr. Rennie in 1817 . Subsequently he was occupied on his father 's wellknown project , the Gloucester and Berkeley Ship Canal , seventy feet in width ; and he was generally engaged in assisting his father in the largest professional practice of that day . Succeeding at thirty years of age to the sole conduct of the New River Works , Mr. Mylne had before him an arduous and responsible office . The supply of water to London had hitherto been solely derived from the New River and London Bridge Works ; but the rapid extension of the metropolis led to the establishment of new companies , which gave rise to serious contests , and for some years involved them in a ruinous competition . Mr. Mylne 's ability and energy were soon tried in carrying out extensive changes in the New River Works . The old wooden main pipes , which up to 1810 were the principal conduits for the passage of water , were found insufficient to stand the requisite pressure , and it was deemed expedient to substitute pipes of cast iron . This improvement was effected at a cost of nearly half a million sterling ; and the whole was satisfactorily accomplished under Mr. Mylne 's judicious management . Notwithstanding the constant and unremitting engagements of the New River business , Mr. Mylne was occupied in considerable engineering practice , particularly in the Fen country , carrying out Sandys Cut , with several other important drainage works . Combining also the hereditary profession of an Architect , he was engaged in bridge-building , and in the alterations and extensions of many private mansions . Among his works , the single-arched iron bridge over the River Cam , at St. John 's College , Cambridge , has been much admired ; and the church of St. Mark 's , Clerkenwell , met with considerable approval at the period of its erection , forty years since . Mr. Mylne in later years was much occupied in Government references , and acted as surveyor for fifty years to the Stationers ' Company , having succeeded his father in that office . He was also extensively engaged before Parliamentary Committees on Water , Dock , and Drainage Works , and was consulted in continental works of similar character . From the date of his entering on the direction of the New River Works to his retirement , two years before his death--a period of fifty years he had the satisfaction to witness a very great advance in the income of the Company , and a great extension of their works , consequent on the increased demand caused by the further growth of the metropolis and awakened attention to its salubrity . In 1852 new works were undertaken to the extent of three quarters of a million sterling , and executed by him , with the assistance of his son , R. W. Mylne , F.R.S. Mr. Mylne was a man of a peculiarly kind and conciliatory disposition , a peace-maker in all professional strife , of strict integrity and high honourable feeling . He was for many years the guiding hand , as Treasurer , to the Society of Engineers styled " Smeatonians , " in which , as in all other Associations , he won the respect , esteem , and almost affection of those with whom he was connected . His retiring disposition caused him seldom to take part in scientific discussions ; but he took a keen interest in all questions of progress , and during his long career judiciously availed himself of the opportunities offered him of adopting the new inventions of the age . Mr. Mylne was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on the 16th of March , 1826 . Major-General JOSEPH ELLISON PORTLOCK , son of Captain Nathaniel Portlock , a distinguished officer of the Royal Navy , was born at Gosport in September 1794 . He received his early education at a school in his native town and at Tiverton , from which he went to the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich . In 1813 he took his first commission in the Royal Engineers , and was sent in the following year to Canada , where he remained actively employed in military service or exploring expeditions until 1822 . He was present at the siege of Fort Erie ; and , on the retirement of the troops , he constructed the lines and bridge-head at Chippewa , at which Sir Gordon Drummond made his successful stand , and saved Upper Canada . In 1824 , on the extension of the Ordnance Survey to Ireland , Lieut . Portlock was one of the officers first selected by Colonel Colby to take part in the work ; and his earliest duty in connexion therewith , conjointly with Lieuts . Drummond and Larcom , lay in working out the preliminaries of what has since grown into first-rate importance as the Topographical Department . The task at that time was beset by difficulties , which the progress of physical and mechanical science has since removed : the preparation of the base-apparatus , the construction of astronomical and other surveying-instruments , the contriving of signals by lamp and heliostat , and the training of sappers for their special duties had to be undertaken under the disadvantage of newness . But at that time the Duke of Wellington was Master-General of the Ordnance ; and supported by him , Colonel Colby carried out his plans in full efficiency . In 1825 the first detachments were removed to Ireland , and the first trigonometrical station was taken up on Divis Mountain , near Belfast . There the first signals and observations with lamp and heliostat were attempted , and , to the satisfaction of the originators , proved completely successful . This was Lieut . Portlock 's start on the trigonometrical branch of the survey , of which he shortly became the senior , and eventually sole officer . In addition to scientific skill and accuracy , great personal endurance was required in carrying on the observations . In 1826 the camp on Slieve Donard , 2800 feet above the sea , was more than once blown down by the violence of the wind . Colonel Colby was seriously injured by a fall while climbing from the observatory to his tent ; and communication with the country below involved both difficulty and danger . Yet " Portlock , " we are told , " held out to the last . For some weeks he was the only officer remaining ; but he struggled on , and brought the operations to a successful close . " In the following year , while Colonel Colby was measuring the base on the shore of Lough Foyle , Lieut . Portlock , with Lieut . Larcom , carried out the observations at seven hill-stations , regardless of season and weather . In 1828 , and for some years afterwards , he performed the work singlehanded , observing with the great theodolite from mountain after mountain till the principal network of triangulation was complete , and the Irish system was , by means of the lamp and heliostat signals , united to that of Britain . In addition , care had to be taken for the direction of the secondary triangulation for the details of the survey , and for the rectification of errors and the discrepancies that were sure to occur at the junction of the separate districts . For this the whole had to be combined under one general system ; and this additional labour Lieut . Portlock undertook while still on the mountains . He carried it on afterwards at his office in Dublin ; and so well did he direct these secondary operations , that , after the parties became used to the work , the surveying went on at the rate of three million acres a year . The horizontal survey involved the necessity of an elaborate vertical survey and calculations for altitude . The altitudes were deduced at first from the sea , by actual levelling from it to bases of altitude , and from them transferred , by angles of elevation and depression , to the summit of every hill and station , at distances averaging a mile asunder ; and on this the minor levelling of the detail survey depended . This also was ultimately generalized into a system by Lieut . Portlock , and by him furnished regularly and rapidly . In fulfilling this purpose , he personally carried a line of levelling across the island from the coast of Down to the coast of Donegal , and caused several lines to be observed in other places . In this way a more general and homogeneous system of altitudes was obtained than had ever before been attempted . It supplied the data for the paper on Tides by the Astronomer Royal , published in the 'Philosophical Transactions . ' In all this we see a character conspicuous alike for ability and energetic perseverance ; but among its other elements , there was one which may be properly noticed here the praiseworthy example he set to the men under his command . They felt that with him they were in the hands of something superior to themselves in intellect and acquirements , and they improved in a marked degree in the duties of the survey , in intelligence , and the habit of obedience . " They needed only encouragement , no coercion , and they rapidly acquired knowledge ; to all of which I can testify , " writes one of Portlock 's brother officers ; " and I am sure it is the experience of the whole corps , more perhaps than any other in the army , that when officers study the characters of their men , and use in governing them the knowledge so acquired , they are amply rewarded by the result , and need no coarser discipline . " Sergeant Manning , who worked under Lieut . Portlock through the whole period of his service on the Irish survey , was chosen as the non-commissioned officer best fitted to take charge of a party sent in 1848 to the Cape of Good Iope , to verify , under direction of Mr. ( now Sir Thomas ) Maclear , the base measured by Lacaille nearly a century before . Of the great value of the Irish survey in connexion with the geology , archaeology , statistics , and industrial resources of Ireland , this is not the place to speak . Suffice it to say that when the time came for drawing up a Report on the subject , Lieut . Portlock proved himself not less able as a geological than as a geodetical observer . His separate Report on the Geology of Londonderry has been pronounced by high authority to be " a perfect model for fidelity of observation and minute attention to phenomena . " It is safe to affirm that the name of Portlock will ever be most honourably associated with the history of the Ordnance Survey of Ireland . In 1843 Captain Portlock was ordered to Corfu on the ordinary duties of his corps . In the comparative leisure which he then enjoyed he wrote papers on the geology and natural history of the island , and on professional subjects . Some of these were published in the Reports of the British Association , the Annals of Natural History , and Journal of the Geological Society . The Association voted him a grant " for the Exploration of the Marine Zoology of Corfu , " the results of which he embodied in two papers subsequently published . In these again we have evidence of his activity of mind and accuracy of observation . Recalled to England in 1847 , Major Portlock was stationed first at Portsmouth , and afterwards , as Lieut.-Colonel , at Cork . From this time the literature of his profession and scientific study engaged much of his attention . The annual volumes published by the British Association contain papers from his pen ; and besides contributions to the Professional Papers of the corps , he wrote the articles " Geology and Geodesy , " " Galvanism , " " Heat , " " Palaeontology , " andan Appendix on Gun-Cotton for the Aide-memoire , and the Treatise on Geology in Weale 's Rudimentary Series . Others of his papers appear in the Journal of the Geological Society of Dublin , of which Society he was four times President . In 1851 Lieut.-Col . Portlock was appointed Inspector of Studies at the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich , in which place he helped forward measures for improving the scientific character of the system of education , and increasing its efficiency generally ; and during this period he wrote the articles " Cannon , " " Fort , " " Gunnery , " and revised the article " War " for the 8th edition of the ' Encyclopaedia Britannica , ' besides translating for the new series of Professional Papers a work on Gunpowder ( from the French ) , and a treatise on Strategy ( from the Italian ) . He wrote also a memoir of his former chief , Major-General Colby , a publication honourable alike to the subject and the author . To all this must be added the two Addresses delivered by him as President of the Geological Society in 1857 and 1858 , which , in the words of an eminent authority , are characterized by " faithful and elaborate research . " After resigning his appointment at Woolwich , and holding the command for a few months at Dover , Major-General Portlock became in 1857 a Member of the Council of Military Education , in whose proceedings , as might have been expected , he took an active and earnest part . His sentiments with regard to the objects in view may be gathered from a memorandum drawn up by one of his colleagues , who writes , " General Portlock 's opinions on the questions presented to him as a Member of the Council were in all cases those of the most forward advocates of education . He looked upon competition as the great principle upon which public appointments should be made , nor did he shrink from the inevitable social results which such a change would involve . Education , combined with good morals , he regarded as constituting a paramount claim to the rank of gentleman . He was therefore a warm advocate of the system of open competition as applied to the elections into the Royal Military Academy of Woolwich ; nor did he share the apprehension , which has been very frequently expressed , of a consequent lowering of the social position of the officers of the two great scientific corps . The weakness and infirmities of advancing years were borne by General Portlock with a spirit not less calm and patient than that which animated him through the hardships of the Ordnance Survey . He retired to Lota , a pleasant spot near Dublin , and there died on the 14th February , 1864 . He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in June 1837 , and was a member of other metropolitan and provincial Societies . The honorary degree of Doctor of Laws was conferred on him by Trinity College , Dublin , in 1857 . " This brief notice of one who was for twenty-seven years an honour to the Society , may be fittingly closed with a few words of affectionate testimony by a brother officer , to whose Memoir we are indebted for much of the foregoing . " The characteristics which shone forth in Portlock during his well-spent life , " writes Major-General Sir Thomas Larcom , " whether as a soldier , a geographer , or a geologist , were-undaunted courage in facing difficulties , Spartan endurance and invincible perseverance in overcoming them . Endowed , when in the zenith of his career , with a frame and nerves of iron , he exhibited such a vast power of continuous labour , that he achieved every object he had in view ; while great ability , and a pure love of knowledge , were in him guided and governed by the highest sense of honour and moral rectitude . " Dr. ARCHIBALD ROBERTSON was born at Cockburnspath in Scotland , on the 3rd of December , 1789 . He studied medicine at Edinburgh , and in 1808 entered the Naval Medical Service . After some years of active employment in Europe and America , he on the termination of the war resorted again to Edinburgh for the further prosecution of study , and took his degree of M.D. in that University in 1817 . He then settled as a physician in Northampton ; and although for more than a twelvemonth he did not receive the encouragement of a single fee , he held on to the position he had taken , and was soon rewarded by large and lucrative employment , his success being promoted and assured by his being in 1820 elected Physician to the Northampton Infirmary . After a long and prosperous professional career , and the acquisition of a handsome independence honourably earned , he in 1853 resolved to withdraw himself from the labour of active practice . He accordingly left Northampton , and passed the rest of his life in retirement in the west of England . Dr. Robertson was a man of considerable literary accomplishment , and , before his time became engrossed by practice , he was in the habit of writing literary articles in some of the journals and reviews of the day . He contributed two short articles on professional subjects to Forbes 's ' Cyclopaedia of Medicine . ' He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on the 11th of February , 1836 . f Both as a physician and as a member of society , Dr. Robertson was highly esteemed . His death took place at Clifton , on the 19th of October , 1864 . GIOVANNI ANTONIO AMEDEO PLANA , descended from an ancient and distinguished family of Guarene in Piedmont , was born at Voghera , on the 8th of November , 1781 . In 1800 he entered the Polytechnic School of Paris , where he so greatly distinguished himself that , on the 23rd of May , 1803 , he was appointed Professor in the Artillery School of Alessandria . On the 28th of November , 1809 , he presented to the Academy of Turin a paper , entitled " Equation de la courbe formee par une lame elastique quelles que soient les forces qui agissent sur la lame , " the first of a series of papers offered to the same Academy , far too numerous to be recorded in the present notice . On the 15th of March , 1811 , on the recommendation of Lagrange , he obtained the Professorship of Astronomy in the University of Turin , and on the 5th of March , 1813 , became Director of the Observatory . After the Restoration , the king , Victor Emmanuel I. , who took a personal interest in the progress of astronomy and frequently sent for Plana to explain various celestial phenomena , augmented the income of the Observatory , and transferred it from the house of the Academy to a better situation on the west tower of the north face of the Palazzo Madama . During the years 1821 , 1822 , 1823 he was associated with Carlini in the operation of measuring an arc of parallel in Savoy and Piedmont . The results were published in 1825 , under the title " Observations geodesiques et astronomiques pour la mesure d'un arc de parallele moyen . " In 1828 the authors received from the Institute the Lalande prize for the astronomical part of their joint work . In 1832 he published his ' Theorie du mouvement de la Lune , ' in three large quarto volumes . This he regarded as the most important of all the labours of his life . For this work the Copley Medal was awarded to him in 1834 , and the Gold Medal of the Astronomical Society in 1840 . In announcing the latter award , Sir John Herschel , President of the Society , made the following quotation from the " Discours preliminaire " of the ' Theorie de la Lune'- " Je n'ai pu me faire aider par personne ; j'ai du traverser seul cette longue chaine des calculs , et il n'est pas etonnant si , par inadvertence , j'ai omis quelques termes qu'il fallait introduire pour me conformer a la rigueur de mes propres principes , " adding , " W When we look at the work itself there seems something awful in this announcement . " In 1822 , on the occasion of the appearance of his " Memoire sur les mouvements des fluides qui recouvrent une spheroide a peu pres spherique , " he was elected a Corresponding Member of the Institute , and in 1860 one of the eight Foreign Associates . In December 1851 he became President of the Royal Academy of Turin . He was elected Foreign Member of the Royal Society in 1827 . He received from his own king the title of Baron , and was created a Senator on the formation of the Senate in 1848 . He delighted in the classic poets , and was not more remarkable for the accuracy and elegance of his mathematical investigations than for the precision of his style in writing . He was in the habit , it is said , of bestowing extraordinary care on the composition and correction of his works . On the 6th of January , 1864 , he read a paper before the Royal Academy of Turin , entitled " 6 Memoire sur les formules du mouvement circulaire , et du mouvement elliptique libre autour d'un point excentrique par l'action d'une force centrale . " This was his last work . He died at Turin on the 20th of January , 1864 , leaving a widow ( Lagrange 's niece ) and a daughter . The death of his only son , on the 27th of March , 1832 , called forth the expression of grief which concludes the Introduction to the 'Theorie de la Lune . ' HEINRICH ROSE was born on the 6th of August , 1795 , at Berlin , where his father , son of the discoverer of the fusible alloy known by his name , was Pharmacist and Assessor of the Superior Medical College . His father died in 1807 , leaving behind him a widow and four young boys . H. Rose studied Pharmacy first in Dantzic , where he experienced the horrors of a siege , and nearly lost his life by typhus fever . He served in the campaign of 1815 , together with his three brothers , of whom one is Professor Gustav Rose , the distinguished Mineralogist of Berlin . On the conclusion of the war he continued his studies in Berlin , working in Klaproth 's laboratory during the summer of 1816 . In September 1816 he entered the Pharmacy of Dr. Bidder of Mitau . About the end of 1819 he went to Stockholm , where he worked for a year and a half in the laboratory of Berzelius , who recommended him to devote himself to the teaching of chemistry as a profession . On quitting Stockholm he resided for some time at Kiel , where he wrote his Dissertation " de Titanio ejusque connubio cum oxygenio et sulphure , " and took the Degree of Doctor of Philosophy . In the summer of 1822 he obtained the sanction to become a private teacher in the University of Berlin , and began a course of lectures on practical analytical chemistry in the autumn of the same year . He was appointed Extraordinary Professor in 1823 , and Ordinary Professor of Chemistry in 1835 . He was elected a Member of the Berlin Academy in 1832 , Foreign Member of the Royal Society in 1842 , Corresponding Member of the Institute in 1843 , and was invested with the Prussian order of pour le merite . His memoirs on inorganic chemistry and chemical analysis , a department in which he stood unrivalled , to the number of nearly , if not quite , two hundred , are contained principally in Gilbert 's and Poggendorff 's 'Annalen . ' The results of his researches in analytical chemistry are embodied in his 'Handbuch der analytischen Chemie , ' which came out in one volume in 1829 . A second edition , in two volumes , was published in 1831 , a fourth in 1838 , a fifth in 1850 , the sixth ( so thoroughly revised that it should be regarded as a new work ) was published in French , at Paris , in 1861 . In forming an estimate of the labour expended in preparing this voluminous treatise , it must be remembered that each precept is the result of an experiment ( frequently of a series of experiments ) made by the author . During the last years of his life he was engaged in writing an elementary treatise on analytical chemistry , about thirty sheets of which were printed during his lifetime . For this work also a large number of experiments were made in his laboratory . His activity and industry increased with advancing age . A year before his death he was heard to exclaim , " I have at most only a few years to live , and so much remains to be done i " During the latter part of his life his only recreation was a long walk taken late in the evening , in all weathers , throughout the year . He was the first person in all Germany who established a class of working pupils . He received them in his private laboratory without fee , providing at his own cost most of the apparatus and all the reagents they required . He was spared the pain of feeling the approach of bodily and mental infirmity . He lectured in full possession of all his faculties only eight days before his death , and he was confined to his bed only seven days. On the 27th of January , 1864 , he asked for writing-materials to correct some proof sheets , saying that he felt well , and that he could now leave his bed . That afternoon he died , of inflammation of the lungs . He left behind him a widow , his third wife , and a grandchild , the daughter of Professor Karsten . Her mother , H. Rose 's only child , died some years since . FRIEDRICH GEORG WILHELM STRUVE was born at Altona on the 15th of April , 1793 . He was the fourth son of Dr. Jacob Struve , Director of the High School of Altona . His mother was the daughter of Pastor Stinde , Chaplain to Peter III . , Emperor of Russia . In order to avoid the French conscription , he went in 1808 to the University of Dorpat , where his elder brother Carl was a Classical Lecturer . At first he devoted himself to Philology , a study in which he delighted to the end of his life . He supported himself partly by private tuition in the family of M. de Berg , and partly on some pecuniary assistance afforded him by the University on the recommendation of the elder Parrot , who had discovered Struve 's promise of future eminence . In 1811 , after taking his first degree in Philology , he commenced the study of Astronomy under Huth , who permitted him the free use of the few instruments contained in the Observatory at that time ; and in August of that year he verified by observation the conclusions of Sir William Herschel respecting the angular motion of the two stars composing Cas or . In the autumn of 1813 he took the degree of Doctor of Philosophy , the title of his thesis on that occasion being " De geographica specula Dorpatensis positione . " In November 1813 he was appointed Extraordinary Professor of Mathematics and Astronomy , and , after the death of Huth , Ordinary Professor , and Director of the Observatory . During the years he surveyed and mapped Livonia at the request of the Economical Society of that Province , the only instrument employed by him in the survey being a 10-inch sextant by Troughton . In 1821 the Observatory of Dorpat was supplied with a meridian-circle by Reichenbach and Ertel , and in 1824 with an equatorially mounted refractor , of 9 Paris inches aperture and 160 Paris inches focal length , by Fraunhofer . The principal results of the observations made by Struve at Dorpat during the years 1814-1838 are given in the works entitled " Observationes astronomicae institutae in specula Dorpatensi , 1817-1839 , " " Catalogus 795 stellarum duplicium , 1822 , " " Catalogus novus stellarum duplicium et multiplicium , 1827 " [ in the introduction to this work it is incidentally noticed that on one occasion he had observed uninterruptedly for eight hours in a temperature of -25 ? C. ] , " Stellarum duplicium et multiplicium mensurte micrometricae , 1837 , " " Stellarum fixarum imprimis compositarum positiones mediae , deductae observationibus meridianis a 1822 ad 1843 in specula Dorpatensi , 1852 , " " Beobachtungen des Halley'schen Cometen bei seinem Erscheinen im Jahre 1835 , auf der Dorpater Sternwarte angestellt , 1839 . " In the spring of 1839 he left Dorpat to assume the Directorship of the Observatory of Pulkowa , built in accordance with his own plans , and furnished with instruments contrived and executed under his own directions . An account of the building and instruments is given in his " Description de l'Observatoire central de Pulkowa , 1845 . " In 1843 he published his , " Catalogue de 514 etoiles doubles et multiples , & c. , et Catalogue de 256 etoiles doubles principales ou la distance des composantes est de 32 " a 2 ' & c. , " and " Sur le coefficient constant dans l'aberration des etoiles fixes deduit des observations qui ont ete executees a l'observatoire de Poulkova . " In 1847 he published " Etudes d'Astronomie stellaire . " Struve devoted a portion of the summer for many years to the vast undertaking of measuring an arc of the meridian of 25 20t from Fuglenaes on the Arctic Ocean , lat . 70 40 ' , to Ismail on the Danube , lat . 45 20 ' . This work may be considered the principal labour of his life : he was assisted in it by General Tenner and the astronomers Selander and Hansteen . It lasted thirty-seven years , and was completed in 1853 . An account of the measurement is given by Struve in " Breitengradmessung in den Ostseeprovinizen Russlands ausgefhrt und bearbeitet in den Jahren 1821 bis 1831 , " in " Expose historique des travaux executesjusqu'a la fin de l'annee 1851 , pour la mesure de l'are du meridien , & c. , 1860 , " and in " Arc du meridien de 25 20 ' entre le Danube et la iner Glaciale , 1860 . " Besides the works already mentioned , he is the author of many separate treatises , and of papers in Bode 's ' Jahrbuch , ' the 'Zeitschrift ' of von Lindenau and Bohnenberger , von Zach 's ' Correspondance Astronomique , ' and the 'Bulletins ' and ' Memoires ' of the Imperial Academy of St. Petersburg . In 1858 he was attacked by a severe illness , for which rest from work and travelling were prescribed . These remedies , however , failed to remove the consequences of his malady . In 1862 he retired from the post of Director of the Pulkowa Observatory , and was succeeded by his son O. W. Struve . HIe then went to live with his family in St. Petersburg , occupying the remainder of his life with the subject of double stars . On the 4th of November he felt indisposed ; his strength failed rapidly ; and he died on the morning of November the 23rd , 1864 . He was elected Foreign Member of the Royal Society in 1827 , and in the same year one of the Royal Medals was awarded to him for his ' Catalogus novus Stellarum duplicium . ' He received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1826 , " for his important researches on the subject of multiple stars . " His name appears in the list of Associates in the first volume of the 'Memoirs of the Astronomical Society . ' In 1833 he was elected Corresponding Member of the Institute . Struve married twice ; he had twelve children by his first wife , of whom eight survive , and eight by his second wife , now his widow , of whom four survive . Much of the present notice has been derived from a very comprehensive sketch of Struve 's life and labours in the Proceedings of the Astronomical Society , by the Rev. C. Pritchard . 
OBITUARY NOTICES OF FELLOWS DECEASED . AEt . I to 12 ( 1791 to 1804 ) . MICHAEL FARADAY* was born in theworking class , of a very religious family . For two generations at least those who preceded him shared the extreme views in favour of toleration and disestablishment which caused , first , the deposition of the Rev. John Glas , and afterwards the secession of his son-in-law , R. Sandeman , from the Presbyterian Church of Scotland . That the revealed will of Christ should be the supreme and only law , not only in all church questions , but in every thought and word and deed , was the belief of those who were nearest to Faraday in his infancy ; and this he held throughout his life , as though it had been a special revelation to himself . His father , James , was the third of ten children born at Clapham in Yorkshire . He was a blacksmith ; his eldest brother worked as slater , grocer , and millowner , another brother was a farmer , another a packer , another a shopkeeper , and the youngest a shoemaker . Another of the brothers died young , in the year Michael was born ; and a letter from the mother of the young man shows the strength of the religious feeling in mother and son . When twenty-five , in 1786 , James Faraday married Margaret Hastwell , daughter of a farmer near Kirkby Stephen . Soon after their marriage they came to Newington in Surrey , where Michael , their third child , was born , September 22 , 1791 , in a house probably long since pulled down . The father obtained work at Boyd 's , in Welbeck Street ; and when Michael was about five years old , after living a short time in Gilbert Street , they removed to rooms over a coach-house in Jacob 's Well Mews , Charles Street , Manchester Square . The home of Michael Faraday was in these mews for nearly ten years ; and his family remained there until 1809 , when they moved to 18 Weymouth Street . Faraday himself has pointed out where he played at marbles in Spanish Place , and where , years later , he took care of his little sister in Manchester Square . He says , " My education was of the most ordinary description , consisting of little more than the rudiments of reading , writing , and arithmetic at a common day-school . My hours out of school were passed at home and in the streets . " Only a few yards off was a bookseller 's shop , No. 2 Blandford Street ; there , as a boy of thirteen , in 1804 , he went on trial for a year to Mr. George Riebau . Once when walking with a niece they passed a little news-boy , when he said , " I always feel a tenderness for those boys , because I once carried newspapers myself . " Et . 13 to 19 ( 1805 to 1811 ) . On the 7th of October , 1805 , when fourteen , Faraday was apprenticed ; and , in consideration of his faithful service , no premium was given to Riebau . Four years later his father wrote ( in 1 809 ) , " Michael is bookbinder and stationer , and is very active at learning his business . He has been most part of four years of his time out of seven . He has a very good master , and mistress , and likes his place well : he had a hard time for some while at first going ; but , as the old saying goes , he has rather got the head above water , as there is two other boys under him . " Faraday himself says , " Whilst an apprentice I loved to read the scientific books which were under my hands , and amongst them delighted in Marcet 's Conversations on Chemistry , ' and the electrical treatises in the ' Encyclopaedia Britannica . ' I made such simple experiments in chemistry as could be defrayed in their expense by a few pence per week , and also constructed an electrical machine , first with a glass phial , and afterwards with a real cylinder , as well as other electrical apparatus of a corresponding kind . " He told a friend that Watts on the Mind first made him think , and that his attention was turned to science by the article " Electricity " in an encyclopaedia he was employed to bind . " My master , " he says , " allowed me to go occasionally of an evening to hear the lectures delivered by Mr. Tatum in natural philosophy at his house , 53 Dorset Street , Fleet Street . I obtained a knowledge of these lectures by bills in the streets and shop-windows near his house . The hour was eight o'clock in the evening . The charge was ls . per lecture , and my brother Robert [ who was three years older and followed his father 's business ] made me a present of the money for several . I attended twelve or thirteen lectures between February 19 , 1810 , and September 26 , 1811 . It was at these lectures I first became acquainted with Magrath , Newton , Nicol , and others . " He learned perspective of a Mr. Masquerier , that he might illustrate these lectures . " Masquerier lent me Taylor 's Perspective , a 4to volume , which I studied closely , copied all the drawings , and made some other very simple ones , as of cubes or pyramids , or columns in perspective , as exercises of the rules . I was always very fond of copying vignettes and small things in ink ; but I fear they were mere copies of the lines , and that I had little or no sense of the general effect and of the power of the lines in producing it . " How he was educating himself at this time and the subjects that interested him , may be seen in a manuscript volume ( a shadow of the future ) which he called " The Philosophical Miscellany , being a collection of notices , occurrences , events , & c. relating to the arts and sciences collected from the public papers , reviews , magazines , and other miscellaneous works . Intended , " he says , " to promote both amusement and instruction , and also to corroborate or invalidate those theories which are continually starting into the world of science . Collected by M. Faraday , 1809-10 . " In 1811 ( Aet . 19 ) he became acquainted , at Mr. Tatum 's , with Mr. Huxtable and Mr. Benjamin Abbott ; the first was a medical student , the other , who belonged to the Society of Friends , was employed in a house of business in the city . Mr. Huxtable lent him Parkes 's 'Chemistry , ' which Faraday bound for him , and the third edition of Thompson 's ' Chemistry . ' At . 20 ( 1812 ) . Among the few notes Faraday made of his own life are the following:"During my apprenticeship I had the good fortune , through the kindness of Mr. Dance , who was a customer of my master 's shop and also a member of the Royal Institution , to hear four of the last lectures of Sir H. Davy in that locality [ he always sat in the gallery over the clock ] . The dates of these lectures were February 29 , March 14 , April 8 and 10 , 1812 . Of these I made notes , and then wrote out the lectures in a fuller form , interspersing them with such drawings as I could make . The desire to be engaged in scientific occupation , even though of the lowest kind , induced me , whilst an apprentice , to write , in my ignorance of the world and simplicity of my mind , to Sir Joseph Banks , then President of the Royal Society . Naturally enough , No answer , ' was the reply left with the porter . " On Sunday , July 12 , 1812 , three months before his apprenticeship was over , he wrote the first of a series of letters to his friend Mr. Benjamin Abbott ( who was a year and a half younger than himself ) , from which a full view can be gained of what he was by nature , and what his self-education at this time had made him . " I have lately made a few simple galvanic experiments merely to illustrate to myself the first principles of the science . I was going to Knight 's to obtain some nickel , and bethought me that they had malleable zinc . I inquired and bought some ; have you seen any yet ? The first portion I obtained was in the thinnest pieces possible , observe , in a flattened state . It was , they informed me , thin enough for the electric smoke , or , as I before called it , De Luc 's electric column . I obtained it for the purpose of forming disks , with which and copper , to make a little battery . The first I completed contained the immense number of seven pair of plates ! 1 and of the immense size of halfpence ! ! ! ! ! ! I , sir , I , my own self , cut out seven disks of the size of halfpences each I , sir , covered them with seven halfpence , and I interposed between seven , or rather six , pieces of paper soaked in a solution of muriate of soda ! ! ! i But laugh no longer , dear A. , rather wonder at the effects this trivial power produced ; it was sufficient to produce the decomposition of sulphate of magnesia , an effect which extremely surprised me . " And then he describes how he built up a larger battery , and obtained greater and further effects , and reasons on the results , and urges his friend to think of these things , and " let me , if you please , sir , if you please let me know your opinion . " On the Monday he adds a postscript : " I am just now involved in a fit of vexation . I have an excellent prospect before me , a and cannot take it up for want of ability . Had I perhaps known as much of mechanics , mathematics , mensuration , and drawing as I do perhaps of some other sciences , that is to say , had I happened to employ my mind with these instead of other sciences , I could have obtained a place , an easy place , too , and that in London , at 5 ' , 6 ' , 7 ' , ? 800 per annum . Alas ! alas ! Inability . I must ask your advice on the subject , and intend , if I can , to see you next Sunday ; one necessary branch of knowledge would be that of the steam-engine , and , indeed , anything where iron is concerned . " In his next letter he says , speaking of fresh experiments with his battery , " I must trust to your experiments more than my own ; I have no time , and the subject requires several ; " and in a letter written August 11 , " Pyrotechny is a beautiful art , but I never made any practical progress in it , except in the forming a few bad squibs ; so that you will gain little from me on that point . " In his next letter ( August 19 ) he says , " I cannot see any subject except chlorine to write on . Be not surprised , my dear A. , at the ardour with which I have embraced this new theory . I have seen Davy himself support it . I have seen him exhibit experiments ( conclusive experiments ) explanatory of it ; and I have heard him apply these experiments to the theory , and explain and enforce them in ( to me ) an irresistible manner . Conviction , sir , struck me , and I was forced to believe him , and with that belief came admiration . " In a letter dated about a fortnight before his apprenticeship was out he writes , " Your commendations of the MS . lectures [ of Davy ] compel me to apologize most humbly for the numerous ( very , very numerous ) errors they contain . If I take you right , the negative words 'no flattery ' may be substituted by the affirmative 'irony ; ' be it so , I bow to the superior scholastic erudition of Sir Ben . There are in them errors that will not bear to be jested with , since they concern not my own performance so much as the performance of Sir H. , and those are errors in theory ; there are , I am conscious , errors in theory , and those errors I would wish you to point out to me before you attribute them to Davy . " In the last letter before the great change came ( October 1 , 1812 ) , he says , " I rejoice in your determination to pursue the subject of electricity , and have no doubt that I shall have some very interesting letters on the subject . I shall certainly wish to ( and will if possible ) be present at the performance of the experiments ; but you know I shall shortly enter on the life of a journeyman , and then I suppose time will be more scarce than it is even now . " On the 8th of October he went as journeyman bookbinder to a Mr. De la Roche , then a French emigrant in London . His master was a very passionate man , and troubled his assistant much ; so much , that he felt he could not remain in that place , though every inducement was held out to him . His master liked him ; and , to tempt him to stay , said " I have nobchild , and if you will stay with me you shall have all I have when I am gone . " In his first letter to his friend Abbott , after his apprenticeship was ended , October 11 , he says , " As for the change which you suppose to have taken place with respect to my situation and affairs , I have to thank my late master , it is but little . Of liberty and of time I have , if possible , less than before , though I hope my circumspection has not at the same time decreased . I am well aware of the irreparable evils that an abuse of those blessings will give rise to . These were pointed out to me by common sense ; nor do I see how anyone who considers his own station and his own free occupations , pleasures , actions , & c. can unwittingly engage himself in them . I thank that Cause to whom thanks are due that I am not in general a profuse waster of those blessings which are bestowed on me as a human being ; I mean health , sensation , time , and temporal resources . Understand me here , for I wish not to be mistaken : I am well aware of my own nature ; it is evil , and I feel its influence strongly . I know , too , that ; but I find that I am passing insensibly to a point of divinity ; and as these matters are not to be treated lightly , I will refrain from pursuing it . " To his friend Huxtable he writes on the 18th : " Conceiving it would be better to delay my answer until my time was expired , I did so ; that took place Oct. 7 , and since then I have had by far less time and liberty than before . With respect to a certain place I was disappointed , and am now working at my old trade , the which I wish to leave at the first convenient opportunity . I am at present in very low spirits , and scarce know how to continue on in a strain that will be any way agreeable to you . " " Under the encouragement of Mr. Dance , " he says , " I wrote to Sir Humphry Davy , sending , as a proof of my earnestness , the notes I had taken of his last four lectures ; the reply was immediate , kind , and favourable . After this I continued to work as a bookbinder , with the exception of some days during which I was writing as an amanuensis for Sir H. Davy , at the time when the latter was wounded in the eye from an explosion of the chloride of nitrogen . " On the 24th of December , 1812 , Sir Humphry Davy wrote to Faraday:"Sir , I am far from displeased with the proof you have given me of your confidence , and which displays great zeal , power of memory , and attention . I am obliged to go out of town , and shall not be settled in town till the end of January ; I will then see you at any time you wish . It would gratify me to be of any service to you ; I wish it may be in my power . I am , Sir , Your obedient humble Servant . " AEt . 21 ( 1813 ) . He " went , " he says , " to the City Philosophical Society , which was ounded in 1808 at Mr. Tatum 's house , and , I believe , by him . He introduced me as a member of the Society in 1813 . Magrath was Secretary to the Society . It consisted of thirty or forty individuals , perhaps all in the humble or moderate rank of life . Those persons met every Wednesday evening for mutual instruction . Every other Wednesday the members were alone , and considered and discussed such questions as were brought forward by each in turn . On the intervening Wednesday evenings friends also of the members were admitted , and a lecture was delivered , literary or philosophical , each member taking the duty , if possible , in turn ( or in default paying a fine of half a guinea ) . This Society was very moderate in its pretensions , and most valuable to the members in its results . " [ I remember , too , says one of the members , we had a " class-book , " in which , in rotation , we wrote essays , and passed it to each other 's houses . ] Sir H. Davy , at his first interview , advised him to keep in business as a bookbinder , and he promised to give him the work of the Institution , as well as his own and that of as many of his friends as he could influence . One night , in Weymouth Street , he was startled by a loud knock at the door , and on looking out he saw a carriage from which the footman had alighted and left a note for him . This was a request from Sir HI . that he would call on him the next morning . Sir H. then referred to their former interview , and inquired whether he was still in the same mind , telling him that if so he would give him the place of assistant in the laboratory of the Royal Institution , from which he had on the previous day ejected its former occupant . The salary was to be 25s . a week , with two rooms at the top of the house . In the minutes of the meeting of Managers on the 1st of March , 1813 , is this entry: " Sir Humphry Davy has the honour to inform the Managers that he has found a person who is desirous to occupy the situation in the Institution lately filled by William Payne . His name is Michael Faraday . He is a youth of twenty-two years of age . As far as Sir H. Davy has been able to observe or ascertain , he appears well fitted for the situation . His habits seem good , his disposition active and cheerful , and his manner intelligent . He is willing to engage himself on the same terms as given to Mr. Payne at the time of quitting the Institution . " Resolved , That Michael Faraday be engaged to fill the situation lately occupied by Mr. Payne , on the same terms . " As early as the 8th of March , Faraday dates his first letter from the Royal Institution to his friend Abbott . " I have been employed , " he says , " to-day in part in extracting the sugar from a portion of beetroot , and also in making a compound of sulphur and carbon-a combination which has lately occupied in a considerable degree the attention of chemists . " A month later he says:- " When writing to you I seize that opportunity of striving to describe a circumstance or an experiment clearly , so that you will see I am urged on , by selfish motives partly , to our mutual correspondence ; but though selfish yet not censurable . " Agreeable to what I have said above , I shall at this time proceed to acquaint you with the results of some more experiments on the detonating compound of chlorine and azote ; and I am happy to say I do it at my ease , for I have escaped ( not quite unhurt ) from four different and strong explosions of the substance . Of these the most terrible was when I was holding between my thumb and finger a small tube containing 71 grains of it . My face was within 12 inches of the tube , but I fortunately had on a glass mask . It exploded by the slight heat of a small piece of cement that touched the glass above half an inch from the substance , and on the outside . The explosion was so rapid as to blow my hand open , tear off a part of one nail , and has made my fingers so sore that I cannot yet use them easily . The pieces of tube were projected with such force as to cut the glass face of the mask I had on . " On the 1st of June he writes:- " The subject upon which I shall dwell more particularly at present has been in my head for a considerable time , and it now bursts forth in all its confusion . The opportunities that I have lately had of attending and obtaining instruction from various lecturers in their performance of the duty attached to that office , has enabled me to observe the various habits , peculiarities , excellencies , and defects of each of them , as they were evident to me during the delivery . I did not wholly let this part of the things occurrent escape my notice ; but , when I found myself pleased , endeavoured to ascertain the particular circumstance that had affected me ; also , when attending to Mr. Brande and Mr. Powell in their lectures , I observed how the audience were affected , and by what their pleasure and their censure was drawn forth . " It may perhaps appear singular and improper that one who is entirely unfit for such an office himself , and who does not even pretend to any of the requisites for it , should take upon him to censure and to commend others , to express satisfaction at this , to be displeased with that , according as he is led by his judgment , when he allows that his judgment is unfit for it ; but I do not see , on consideration , that the impropriety is so great . If I am unfit for it , it is evident that I have yet to learn ; and how learn better than by the observation of others ? If we never judge at all we shall never judge right ; and it is far better to learn to use our mental powers ( though it may take a whole life for the purpose ) than to leave them buried in idleness , a mere void . " And then for three letters he goes on with his ideas on lecture-rooms , lectures , apparatus , diagrams , experiments , audiences ; and when urged , two years later , to complete his remarks , he answers , Dec. 31 , 1816:- " With respect to my remarks on lectures , I perceive I am but a mere tyro in the art , and therefore you must be satisfied with what you have , or expect at some future time a recapitulation , or rather revision of them . " " During this spring Magrath and I established the mutual-improvement plan , and met at my rooms up in the attics of the Royal Institution , or at Wood Street at his warehouse . It consisted perhaps of half a dozen persons , chiefly from the City Philosophical Society , who met of an evening to read together , and to criticise , correct , and improve each other 's pronunciation and construction of language . The discipline was very sturdy , the remarks very plain and open , and the results most valuable . This continued for several years . " Saturday night was the time of meeting at the Royal Institution , in the furthest and uppermost room in the house , then Faraday 's place of residence . He says:- " In the autumn Sir H. Davy proposed going abroad , and offered me the opportunity of going with him as his amanuensis , and the promise of resuming my situation in the Institution upon my return to England . Whereupon I accepted the offer , left the Institution on the 13th of October , and , after being with Sir H. Davy in France , Italy , Switzerland , the Tyrol , Geneva , & c. in that and the following year , returned to England and London the 23rd April 1815 . " Whilst abroad he kept a daily journal , " not , " he said , " to instruct or to inform , or to convey even an imperfect idea of what it speaks ; its sole use is to recall to my mind at some future time the things I see now , and the most effectual way to do that will be , I conceive , to write down , be they good or bad , my present impressions . " From this journal , and from his letters to his mother and his friend Benjamin Abbott , only a few characteristic passages can be given here . In his journal he wrote , Wednesday , 13th October:- " This morning formed a new epoch in my life . I have never before , within my recollection , left London [ he had as an infant gone to Newcastle and Whitehaven , by sea chiefly ] at a greater distance than twelve miles , and now I leave it perhaps for many years , to visit spots between which and home whole realms will intervene . 'T is indeed a strange venture at this time to trust ourselves in a foreign and hostile country , where also so little regard is had to protestations and honour , that the slightest suspicion would be sufficient to separate us for ever from England , and perhaps from life . But curiosity has frequently incurred dangers as great as these , and therefore why should I wonder at it in the present instance . If we return safe , the pleasures of recollection will be highly enhanced by the dangers encountered ; and a never-failing consolation is that , whatever be the fate of our party , variety , a great source of amusement , and pleasure must occur . " Some idea of the variety of his observat ; ons may be got from this note , 28th October , Dreux:- " I cannot help dashing a note of admiration to one thing found in this part of the country the pigs ! At first I was positively doubtful of their nature ; for though they have pointed noses , long ears , rope-like tails , and cloven feet , yet who would have imagined that an animal with a long thin body , back and belly arched upwards , lank sides , long slender feet , and capable of outrunning our horses for a mile or two together , could be at all allied to the fat sow of England ! When I first saw one , which was at Morlaix , it started so suddenly , and became so active in its motions on being disturbed , and so dissimilar in its actions to our swine , that I looked out for a second creature of the same kind before I ventured to decide on its being a regular or an extraordinary production of nature ; but I find they are all alike , and that what at a distance I should judge to be a greyhound , I am obliged , on a near approach , to acknowledge a pig . " . 22 ( 1814 ) . To his mother he writes , April 14 , 1814 , from Rome:- " When Sir H. Davy first had the goodness to ask me whether I would go with him , I mentally said , 'no , I have a mother , I have relations here , ' and I almost wished that I had been insulated and alone in London ; but now I am glad that I have left some behind me on whom I can think , and whose actions and occupations I can picture in my mind . Whenever a vacant hour occurs I employ it by thinking on those at home . In short , when sick , when cold , when tired , the thoughts of those at home are a calm and refreshing balm to my heart . Let those who think such thoughts are useless , vain , and paltry think so still . I envy them not their more refined and more estranged feelings . Let them look about the world unencumbered by such ties and heart-strings , and let them laugh at those who , guided more by nature , cherish such feelings . For me , I still cherish them , in opposition to the dictates of modern refinement , as the first and greatest sweetness in the life of man . " In a letter to his friend Abbott , dated September 6 , 1814 , he says:- " I fancy that when I set my foot in England I shall never take it out again ; for I find the prospect so different from what it at first appeared to be , that I am certain , if I could have foreseen the things that have passed , I should never have left London . In the second place , enticing as travelling is ( and I appreciate fully its advantages and pleasures ) , I have several times been more than half decided to return hastily home ; but second thoughts have still induced me to try what the future may produce , and now I am only detained by the wish of improvement . I have learned just enough to perceive my ignorance , and , ashamed of my defects in everything , I wish to seize the opportunity of remedying them . The little knowledge I have gained in languages makes me wish to know more of them , and the little I have seen of men and manners is just enough to make me desirous of seeing more ; added to which , the glorious opportunity I enjoy of improving in the knowledge of chemistry and the sciences continually , determines me to finish this voyage with Sir Humphry Davy ; but if I wish to enjoy those advantages I have to sacrifice much ; and though those sacrifices are such as an humble man would not feel , yet I cannot quietly make them . Travelling , too , I find , is almost inconsistent with religion ( I mean modern travelling ) , and I am yet so old-fashioned as to remember strongly ( I hope perfectly ) my youthful education , and upon the whole , malgre the advantages of travelling , it is not impossible but that you may see me at your door when you expect a letter . " Jt . 23 ( 1815 ) . On the 25th January 1815 , he writes:-- " You tell me I am not happy , and you wish to share my difficulties . I have nothing important to tell you , or you should have known it long ago ; but , since your friendship makes you feel for me , I will trouble you with my trifling affairs . " It happened , a few days before we left England , that Sir H. 's valet declined going with him , and in the short space of time allowed by circumstances , another could not be got . Sir H. told me he was very sorry , but that if I would do such things as were absolutely necessary for him until he got to Paris , he should there get another . I murmured , hut agreed . At Paris he could not get one ; at Lyons he could not get one ; at Montpellier he could not get one ; nor at Genoa , nor at Florence , nor at Rome , nor in all Italy ; and I believe at last he did not wish to get one ; and we are just the same now as we were when we left England . This , of course , throws things into my duty which it was not my agreement , and is not my wish to perform , but which are , if I remain with Sir H. , unavoidable . These , it is true , are very few ; for having been accustomed in early years to do for himself , he continues to do so at present , and he leaves very little for a valet to perform ; and as he knows that it is not pleasing to me , and that I do not consider myself as obliged to do it , he is always as careful as possible to keep those things from me which he knows would be disagreeable . But Lady Davy is of another humour . She likes to show her authority , and at first I found her extremely earnest in mortifying me . This occasioned quarrels between us , at each of which I gained ground and she lost it ; for the frequency made me care nothing about them and weakened her authority , and after each she behaved in a milder manner . Sir H. has also taken care to get servants of the country , ycleped lacquais de place , to do everything she can want , and now I am somewhat comfortable ; indeed at this moment I am perfectly at liberty , for Sir IH . has gone to Naples to search for a house or lodging to which we may follow him , and I have nothing to do but see Rome , write my journal , and learn Italian . " About the same time he writes to his friend Huxtable : " Since Sir I. has left England he has made a great addition to chemistry in his researches on the nature of iodine . He first showed that it was a simple body . He combined it with chlorine and hydrogen , and lately with oxygen , and thus has added three acids of a new species to the science . He combined it with the metals , and found a class of salts analogous to the hyperoxymuriates . He still further combined these substances , and investigated their curious and singular properties . " The combination of iodine with oxygen is a late discovery , and the paper has not yet perhaps reached the Royal Society . It confirms all Sir H. 's former opinions and statements , and shows the inaccuracy of the labours of the French chemists on the same subjects . " Sir Humphry also sent a long paper lately to the Royal Society , on the ancient Greek and Roman colours , which will be worth your reading when it is printed . " A fortnight after his return to England he was engaged as assistant in the laboratory at a salary of 30s . a week , and apartments were given to him . ? t. 24 ( 1816 ) . On the 17th of January , 1816 , Faraday began a course of seventeen Lectures on Chemistry , at the City Philosophical Society , which extended over two years and a half . He called them " an account of the inherent Properties of Matter , of the forms in which matter exists , and of simple elementary substances . " During the year he gave six or seven lectures on the general properties of matter , on the attraction of cohesion , on chemical affinity , on radiant matter , on oxygen , chlorine , iodine , and fluorine , on hydrogen , and on nitrogen . He wrote his first lectures at full length , whilst of the latter lectures he only made notes , putting the experiments very distinctly apart , and he kept very much to this plan during the rest of his life . It was in this year also that Faraday published his first paper , an analysis of native caustic lime , in the Quarterly Journal of Science . In the volume of his ' Experimental Researches on Chemistry and Physics , ' he has added a note:-- " I reprint this paper at full length ; it was the beginning of my communications to the public , and in its results very important to me . Sir Humphry Davy gave me the analysis to make as a first attempt in chemistry , at a time when my fear was greater than my confidence , and both far greater than my knowledge ; at a time , also , when I had no thought of ever writing an original paper on science . The addition of his own comments , and the publication of the paper , encouraged me to go on making , from time to time , other slight communications , some of which appear in this volume . Their transference from the ' Quarterly ' into other journals increased my boldness , and now that forty years have elapsed , and I can look back on what successive communications have led to , I still hope , much as their character has changed , that I have not either now or forty years ago been too bold . " Early in February he thus wrote to his friend Abbott:- " Be not offended that I turn to write you a letter , because I feel a disinclination to do anything else ; but rather accept it as a proof that conversation with you has more power with me than any other relaxation from business , business I say ; and I believe it is the first time for many years that I have applied it to my own occupations . But at present they actually deserve the name ; and you must not think me in a laughing mood , but in earnest . It is now 9 o'clock P.M. , and I have just left the laboratory and the preparation for to-morrow 's two lectures . Our double course makes me work enough ; and to them add the attendance required by Sir H. in his researches , and then if you compare my time with what is to be done in it , you will excuse the slow progress of our correspondence on my side . Understand me , I am not complaining ; the more I have to do the more I learn , but I wish to avoid all impression on your side that I am lazysuspicions , by-the-by , which a moment 's reflection convinces me can never exist . " In consideration of the additional labour caused to him by Mr. Brande 's lectures in the laboratory , his salary at the Institution was increased to ? 100 per annum . This year Faraday began a common-place book , in which he continued to make entries on all subjects for fifteen years . Some of the earliest are on the production of oxygen , on the combustion of zinc and iron in condensed air , on a course of lectures on geology delivered at the Royal Institution by Mr. Brande , and an account of Zerah Colburn , thirteen years old , the American calculating boy . Sir I. Davy sent him with a note , saying " his father will explain to you the method the son uses , in confidence ; I wish to ascertain if it can be practically used . " He wrote in this year:-- " When Mr. Brande left London in August , he gave the Quarterly Journal in charge to me ; it has very much of my time and care , and writing through it has been more abundant with me . It has , however , also been the means of giving me earlier information on some new objects of science . " AEt . 25 ( 1817 ) . In 1817 he gave five lectures at the City Philosophical Society on the atmosphere , on sulphur and phosphorus , on carbon , on combustion , and on the metals generally . He had a paper in the Quarterly Journal on the escape of gases through capillary tubes . The entries in his common-place book consist of geological notes of South Moulton Slate , Tiverton , Hulverston , Taunton , Somerton , and Castle Cary ; a multitude of chemical queries or questions to be worked at , among which are the exciting effects of different vapours and gaseous mixtures ; compounds of chlorine and carbon made out in the autumn of 1820 ; electricity , magnetism ; a pyrometer ; extracts from Shakspeare , Lalla Rookh , Rambler , & c. At the end of the year he tells his friend Abbott that he can see less of him , " in consequence of an arrangement I have made with a gentleman recommended to me by Sir H. Davy ; I am engaged to give him lessons in mineralogy and chemistry , three times a week , in the evenings , for a few months . " . 26 ( 1818 ) . In 1818 five lectures were given by Faraday at the City Philosophical Society , on gold , silver , & c. , on copper and iron , on tin , lead , and zinc , and on alkalies and earths . He had six papers in the Quarterly Journal , of which the most important was on sounds produced by flame in tubes . In his common-place book there is a long course of lectures on oratory , by Mr. B. H. Smart ; questions for Dorset Street ; an experimental agitation of the question of electrical induction , " Bodies do not act where they are not-query , is not the reverse of this true ? Do not all bodies act where they are not ; and do any of them act where they are ? Query , the nature of courage ; is it a quality or a habit ? " Chemical questions . On July 1st he gave a lecture to the City Philosophical Society . It is entitled " Observations on the Inertia of the Mind . " As this lecture is wholly written out , it probably was one of the essays contained in the class-book of the Society . Towards the end of the year Faraday wrote his first letter to M. G. De la Rive , the father of the present M. Auguste De la Rive . He says:"Dear Sir , Your kindness , when here , in requesting me to accept the honour of a communication with you on the topics which occur in the general progress of science , was such as almost to induce me to overstep the modesty due to my humble situation in the philosophical world , and to accept of the offer you made me . But I do not think I should have been emboldened thus to address you had not Mr. Newman since then informed me that you again expressed a wish to him that I should do so ; and fearful that you should misconceive my silence I put pen to paper , willing rather to run the risk of being thought too bold than of incurring the charge of neglect towards one who had been so kind to me in his expressions . My slight attempts to add to the general stock of chemical knowledge have been received with favourable expressions by those around me ; but I have , on reflection , perceived that this arose from kindness on their parts , and the wish to incite me on to better things . I have always , therefore , been fearful of advancing on what has been said , lest I should assume more than was intended ; and I hope that a feeling of this kind will explain to you the length of time which has elapsed between the time when you requested me to write and the present moment when I obey you . " I am not entitled , by any peculiar means of obtaining a knowledge of what is doing at the moment in science , to deserve your attention , and I have no claims in myself to it . I judge it probable that the news of the philosophical world will reach you much sooner through other more authentic and more dignified sources , and my only excuse even for this letter is obedience to your wishes , and not on account of anything interesting for its novelty . " He then describes a new process forthe preparation of gas for illumination . He ends , " I am afraid that , with all my reasons , I have not been able to justify this letter . If my fears are true I regret at least ; it was your kindness that drew it from me , and to your kindness I must look for an excuse . " Et . 27 ( 1819 ) . In 1819 he had no paper in the Quarterly Journal . He gave one lecture at the City Philosophical Society on the Forms of Matter . Matter he classifies into four states , which depend on differences in the essential properties and cautiously says , " thus a partial reconciliation is established to the belief that all the variety of this fair globe may be converted into three kinds of radiant matter . " His common-place book contains scarcely any scientific notices . On July the 10th he started by coach for a three weeks ' walking tour in Wales , with his friend Magrath . He kept a journal , and his descriptions of the scenery , of the copper works of Swansea , the mines of Anglesea , and the slate-quarries of Bangor , are still of interest . . 28 ( 1820 ) . This year was one of the most important in the life of Faraday ; he had his first paper read to the Royal Society on two new compounds of chlorine and carbon , and on a new compound of iodine , carbon , and hydrogen ; and with Mr. Stodart , the surgical instrument maker , he published , in the Quarterly Journal of Science , experiments on the alloys of steel , made with a view to its improvement . In his common-place book , among the chemical questions , we find chemical lessons , or a plan of lessons in chemistry , and processes for manipulation , the germ of his work on Chemical Manipulation . There is also a list headed " Lecture Subjects , " including application of statics to chemistry , approximation of mechanical and chemical philosophy , application of mathematics to actual service and use in the arts , series of mechanical arts , as tanning . On the 20th of April he writes to M. G. De la Rive: " I never in my life felt such difficulty in answering a letter as I do at this moment your very kind one of last year . I was delighted on receiving it to find that you had honoured me with any of your thoughts , and that you would permit me to correspond with you by letter . Mr. Stodart and myself have lately been engaged in a long series of experiments and trials on steel , with the hope of improving it , and I think we shall in some degree succeed . We are still very much engaged in the subject ; but if you will give me leave I will , when they are more complete , which I expect will be shortly , give you a few notes on them . I succeeded by accident a few weeks ago in making artificial plumbago , but not in useful masses . We have lately had some important trials for oil in this metropolis , in which I , with others , have been engaged . They have given occasion for many experiments in oil , and the discovery of some new and curious results ; one of the trials only is finished , and there are four or five more to come . As soon as I can get time , it is my intention to trace more closely what takes place in oil by heat . " June 26 he sends a long abstract of the paper on Steel , and ends:- " Now I think I have noticed the most interesting points at which we have arrived . Pray pity us , that after two years ' experiments we have got no further ; but I am sure if you knew the labour of the experiments you would applaud us for our perseverance at least . We are still encouraged to go on , and I think the experience we have gained will shorten our future labours . " If you should think any of our results worth notice in the ' Bibliotheque , ' this letter is free to be used in any way you please . Pardon my vanity for supposing anything I can assist in doing can be worth attention ; but you know we live in the good opinion of ourselves and of others , and therefore naturally think better of our own productions than they deserve . " Early the following month there is evidence that an entire change took place in the state of his mind . Among his friends was Mr. Edward Barnard , one of a family living in Paternoster Row , with which he had long been intimate , and which agreed with his own family in its religious views . Faraday proposed to , and ultimately was accepted by , Mr. Barnard 's sister , Sarah..Xt . 29 ( 1821 ) . March 11 , Sir H. Davy wrote:- " Dear Mr. Faraday , I have spoken to Lord Spencer , and I am in hopes that your wishes may be gratified ; but do not mention the subject till I see you . " This wish was probably to bring his wife to the Institution . In June he was appointed superintendent of the house and laboratory , in the absence of Mr. Brande . All obstacles were removed , and the marriage took place on the 12th of June . Mr. Faraday , desiring that the day should be considered just like any other day , offended some of his near relations by not asking them to his wedding . In a letter to his wife 's sister , previous to the marriage , he says , " There will be no bustle , no noise , no hurry occasioned even in one day 's proceeding . In externals , that day will pass like all others , for it is in the heart that we expect and look for pleasure . " A month later , at a meeting of the congregation , he was fully admitted as a member of the Sandemanian Church . His common-place book shows that he read little . In a letter , May 19 , to M. G. De la Rive , he says , " Mr. Stodart and myself are continuing our experiments on steel , which are very laborious . " On July 12 , a paper was read to the Royal Society on a new Compound of Chlorine and Carbon , by Phillips and Faraday . This , as well as Faraday 's previous paper on two Chlorides of Carbon , was printed in the Philosophical Transactions . In the Quarterly Journal he had a short paper on the Vapour of Mercury at common temperatures . On the 12th of September he writes the following letter to M. G. De la Rive : " You partly reproach us here with not sufficiently esteeming Ampere 's experiments on electro-magnetism . Allow me to extenuate your opinion a little on this point . With regard to the experiments , I hope and trust that due weight is allowed to them ; but these you know are few , and theory makes up the great part of what M. Ampere has published , and theory in a great many points unsupported by experiments , when they ought to have been adduced . At the same time , M. Ampere 's experiments are excellent , and his theory ingenious ; and for myself , I had thought very little about it before your letter came , simply because , being naturally sceptical on philosophical theories , I thought there was a great want of experimental evidence . Since then , however , I have engaged on the subject , and have a paper in our Institution journal , which will appear in a week or two , and that will , as it contains experiment , be immediately applied by M. Ampere in support of his theory much more decidedly than it is by myself . I intend to enclose a copy of it to you , and only want the means of sending it . " I find all the usual attractions and repulsions of the magnetic needle by the conjunctive wire are deceptions , the motions being not attractions or repulsions , nor the result of any attractive or repulsive forces , but the result of a force in the wire , which , instead of bringing the pole of the needle nearer to or further from the wire , endeavours to make it move round it in a never-ending circle and motion whilst the battery remains in action . I have succeeded not only in showing the existence of this motion theoretically , but experimentally , and have been able to make the wire revolve round a magnetic pole , or a magnetic pole round the wire , at pleasure . The law of revolution , and to which all the other motions of the needle and wire are reducible , is simple and beautiful . Conceive a portion of connecting wire north and south , the north end being attached to the positive pole of a battery , the south to the negative ; a north magnetic pole would then pass round it continually in the apparent direction of the sun from east to west above , and from west to east below . Reverse the connexions with the battery , and the motion of the pole is reversed . Or if the south pole is made to revolve , the motions will be in the opposite directions , as with the north pole . , " If the wire be made to revolve round the pole , the motions are according to those mentioned . For the apparatus I used there were but two plates , and the direction of the motions was of course the reverse of those with a battery of several pair of plates , and which are given above . Now I have been able experimentally to trace this motion into its various forms , as exhibited by Ampere 's helices , & c. , and in all cases to show that dissimilar poles repel as well as attract , and that similar poles attract as well as repel , and to make , I think , the analogy between the helice and common barmagnet far stronger than before ; but yet I am by no means decided that there are currents of electricity in the common magnet . I have no doubt that electricity puts the circles of the helice into the same state as those circles are in that may be conceived in the bar-magnet ; but I am not certain that this state is directly dependent on the electricity , or that it cannot be produced by other agencies , and therefore , until the presence of electrical currents be proved in the magnet by other than magnetical effects , I shall remain in doubts about Ampere 's theory . " Oct. 8th he writes to J. Stodart , Esq . : " I hear every day more and more of those sounds , which , though only whispers to me , are , I suspect , spoken aloud amongst scientific men , and which , as they in part affect my honour and honesty , I am anxious to do away with , or at least to prove erroneous in those parts which are dishonourable to me . You know perfectly well what distress the very unexpected reception of my paper on Magnetism in public has caused me , and you will not therefore be surprised at my anxiety to get out of it , though I give trouble to you and others of my friends in doing so . If I understand aright , I am charged ( 1 ) with not acknowledging the information I received in assisting Sir H. Davy in his experiments on this subject ; ( 2 ) with concealing the theory and views of Dr. Wollaston ; ( 3 ) with taking the subject whilst Dr. Wollaston was at work on it ; and ( 4 ) with dishonourably taking Dr. Wollaston 's thoughts , and pursuing them without acknowledgment to the results I have brought out . " There is something degrading about the whole of these charges ; and were the last of them true , I feel that I should not remain on the terms I now stand at with you or any scientific person . Nor can I indeed bear to remain suspected of such a thing . My love for scientific reputation is not yet so high as to induce me to obtain it at the expense of honour , and my anxiety to clear away this stigma is such , that I do not hesitate to trouble you , even beyond what you may be willing to do for me . " He proceeds then to justify himself , and says , " The cause of my making the experiments detailed in my paper , was the writing of the historical Sketch of Electromagnetism that has appeared in the last two Numbers of the 'Annals of Philosophy . ' " On the 30th of October he writes directly to Dr. Wollaston , saying:"I heard from two or three quarters that it was considered that I had not behaved honourably , and that the wrong I had done I had done to you ; I immediately wished and endeavoured to see you , but was prevented by the advice of my friends , and am only now at liberty to pursue the plan I intended to have taken at first . " If I have done any one wrong it was quite unintentional , and the charge of behaving dishonourably is not true . I am bold enough , sir , to beg the favour of a few minutes ' conversation with you on this subject , simply for these reasons , that I can clear myself , that I owe obligations to you , that I respect you , that I am anxious to escape from unfounded impressions against me , and , if I have done any wrong , that I may apologise for it . " The following day Dr. Wollaston writes:- " You seem to me to labour under some misapprehension of the strength of my feelings upon the subject to which you allude . As to the opinions which others may have of your conduct , that is your concern , not mine ; and if you fully acquit yourself of making any incorrect use of the suggestions of others , it seems to me that you have no occasion to trouble yourself much about the matter . But if you are desirous of any conversation with me , and could with convenience call to-morrow morning between ten and half-past ten , you will be sure to find me . " In a letter to M. G. De la Rive a fortnight later , he does not allude to the distress of mind he had gone through . On Christmas Day he succeeded in making a wire through which a current of voltaic electricity was passing obey the magnetic poles of the earth in the way it does the poles of a bar-magnet . Mr. George Barnard , who was with him in the laboratory at the time , writes : All at once he exclaimed , 'Do you see , do you see , do you see , George ! ' as the small wire began to revolve . One end I recollect was in the cup of quicksilver , the other attached above to the centre . I shall never forget the enthusiasm expressed in his face , and the sparkling in his eyes ! " Et . 30 ( 1822 ) . In 1822 , a paper on the Alloys of Steel by Stodart and Faraday was read to the Royal Society , and printed in the Transactions . In the Quarterly Journal of Science he had two papers on the Changing of Vegetable Colours as an alkaline property , and on some Bodies possessing it ; and on the Action of Salts on Turmeric Paper . The results of the paper on steel were of no practical value , and this , one of his first and most laborious investigations , is strikingly distinguished from all his other works by ending in nothing . This year he began a fresh manuscript volume , which he called " Chemical Notes , Hints , Suggestions , and Objects of Pursuit . " To it he transferred many of the queries out of his common-place book , but he separated his subjects under different heads . He puts as a sort of preface , " I already owe much to these notes , and think such a collection worth the making by every scientific man . I am sure none would think the trouble lost after a year 's experience . " When a query got answered , he drew a pen through it , and wrote the date of the answer across it . In this book are the first germs , in the fewest possible words , of his future work . The last week in July he went with his friend Richard Phillips to Mr. Vivian 's , near Swansea , to introduce a new process into the copper-works , and for a trial at Hereford , which was put off . At the end of a fortnight he returned to London . His letters to Mrs. Faraday , who went to Ramsgate , are full of affection , and the account of his " escape from the large mansion and high company " on the Sunday , and other passages , show how strongly religious feeling was at work in him . Et . 31 ( 1823 ) . Two papers this year were read to the Royal Society , and printed in the Transactions-one on Fluid Chlorine , the other on the Condensation of several Gases into Liquids ; and he had four papers in the Quarterly Journal of Science-one on Hydrate of Chlorine , one on the Change of Musket-balls in Shrapnell Shells , on the Action of Gunpowder on Lead , on the purple tint of Plate-glass affected by Light . In a letter to Prof. G. De la Rive , March 24 , he says:- " I have been at work lately , and obtained results which I hope you will approve of . I have been interrupted twice in the course of experiments by explosions , both in the course of eight days. One burnt my eyes , the other cut them , but I fortunately escaped with slight injury only in both cases , and am now nearly well . During the winter I took the opportunity of examining the hydrate of chlorine , and analyzing it ; the results , which are not very important , will appear in the next number of the Quarterly Journal ( over which I have no influence ) . Sir H. Davy , on seeing my paper , suggested to me to work with it under pressure , and see what would happen by heat & c. Accordingly I enclosed it in a glass tube , hermetically sealed , heated it , obtained a change in the substance , and a separation into two different fluids ; and upon further examination I found that the chlorine and water had separated from each other , and the chlorine gas , not being able to escape , had condensed into the liquid form . To prove that it contained no water , I dried some chlorine gas , introduced it into a long tube , condensed it , and then cooled the tube , and again obtained fluid chlorine . Hence what is called chlorine gas is the vapour of a fluid . I have written a paper , which has been read to the Royal Society , and to which the President did me the honour to attach a note , pointing out the general application and importance of this mode of producing pressure with regard to the liquefaction of gases . He immediately formed liquid muriatic acid by a similar means , and , pursuing the experiments at his request , I have since obtained sulphurous acid , carbonic acid , sulphuretted hydrogen , euchlorine , and nitrous oxide in the fluid state , quite free from water . Some of these require great pressure for this purpose , and I have had many explosions . " I send you word of these results because I know your anxiety to hear of all that is new , but do not mention them publicly ( or at least the latter ones , until you hear of them , either through the journals , or by another letter from me , or from other persons ) , because Sir Humphry Davy has promised the results in a paper to the Royal Society for me , and I know he wishes first to have them read there ; after that they are at your service . " I expect to be able to reduce many other gases to the liquid form , and promise myself the pleasure of writing you about them . " March 25 , Monday , he writes to his friend Huxtable:-- " I met with another explosion on Saturday evening , which has again laid up my eyes . It was from one of my tubes , and was so powerful as to drive the pieces of glass like pistol-shot through a window . However , I am getting better , and expect to see as well as ever in a few days. My eyes were filled with glass at first . " On May the 1st his certificate was read for the first time at the Royal Society:"Mr . Michael Faraday , a gentleman eminently conversant in chemical science , and author of several papers , which have been published in the Transactions of the Royal Society , being desirous of becoming a Fellow thereof , we , whose names are undersigned , do of our personal knowledge recommend him as highly deserving that honour , and likely to become a useful and valuable member . " Twenty-nine names follow ; the first six were Wm . H. Wollaston , J. G. Children , Wm . Babington , Sir W. Herschel , J. South , Davies Gilbert . The b certificate had to be read at ten successive meetings before the ballot came on . On the 30th of May he wrote to H. Warburton , Esq.:- " Sir , I have been anxiously waiting the opportunity you promised me of a conversation with you , and from late circumstances am now still more desirous of it than at the time when I saw you in the Committee . I am sure you will not regret the opportunity you will afford for an explanation ; for I do not believe there is anything you would ask after you have communicated with me , that I should not be glad to do . I am satisfied that many of the feelings you entertain on the subject in question would be materially altered by granting my request . At the same time , as I have more of your opinions by report than otherwise , I am perhaps not well aware of them . It was only lately that I knew you had any feeling at all on the subject . You would probably find yourself engaged in doing justice to one who cannot help but feel that he has been injured , though he trusts unintentionally . I feel satisfied you are not in possession of all the circumstances of the case , but I am also sure you will not wish willingly to remain ignorant of them . Excuse my earnestness and freedom on this subject , and consider for a moment how much I am interested in it . " At the foot of the copy of this letter Faraday made the following notes:"In relation to Davy 's opposition to my election at the R. S. : Sir H. Davy angry , May 30 ; Phillips 's report through Mr. Children , June 5 ; Mr. Warburton called first time , June 5 , evening ; I called on Dr. Wollaston , and he not in town , June 9 ; I called on Dr. Wollaston and saw him , June 14 ; I called at Sir H. Davy 's , and he called on me , June 17 . " Many years ago he gave a friend the following facts , which were written down at the time : Sir H. Davy told him that he must take down his certificate . Faraday replied that he had not put it up : that he could not take it down as it was put up by his proposers . Sir Humphry then said , he must get his proposers to take it down . Faraday answered that he knew they would not do so . Then , said Sir H. , I , as President will take it down . Faraday replied , that he was sure Sir Humphry Davy would do what he thought was for the good of the Society . One of Faraday 's proposers told him that Sir H. had walked for an hour round the courtyard of Somerset House , trying to convince Faraday 's informant that Faraday ought not to be elected . However , the storm passed away , but not without leaving its effects ; and on the 29th of June Sir H. Davy ends a note- " I am , dear Faraday , very sincerely , your well-wisher and friend . " July 8 , Mr. Warburton wrote:- " I have read the article in the Royal Institution Journal , vol. . p. 288 , on Electromagnetic Rotation , and without meaning to convey to you that I approve of it unreservedly , I beg to say that upon the whole it satisfies me , as I think it will Dr. Wollaston 's other friends . Having everywhere admitted and maintained that , on the score of scientific merit , you were entitled to a place in the Royal Society , never cared to prevent your election , nor should I have takenanypains to form a party in private to oppose you . What I should have done would have been to take the opportunity , which the proposing to ballot for you would have afforded me , to make remarks in public on that part of your conduct to which I objected . Of this I made no secret , having intimated my intention to some of those from whom I knew you would hear of it , and to the President himself . When I meet with any of those in whose presence such conversation may have passed , I shall state that my objections to you as a Fellow are and ought to be withdrawn , and that I now wish to forward your election . " Aug. 29 , Faraday writes to Mr. Warburton : " I thank you sincerely for your kindness in letting me know your opinion of the statement ; though your approbation of it is not unreserved , yet it very far surpasses what I expected ; and I rejoice that you do not now think me destitute of those moral feelings which you remarked to me were necessary in a Fellow of the Royal Society . " Conscious of my own feelings and the rectitude of my intentions , I never hesitated in asserting my claims , or in pursuing that line of conduct which appeared to me to be right . I wrote the statement under this influence without any regard to the probable result ; and I am glad that a step which I supposed would rather tend to aggravate feelings against me has , on the contrary , been the means of satisfying the minds of many , and of making them my friends . Two months ago I had made up my mind to be rejected by the Royal Society as a Fellow , notwithstanding the knowledge I had that many would do me justice ; and in the then state of my mind rejection or reception would have been equally indifferent to me . Now that I have experienced so fully the kindness and liberality of Dr. Wollaston , which has been constant throughout the whole of this affair , and that I find an expression of goodwill strong and general towards me , I am delighted by the hope I have of being honoured by Fellowship with the Society ; and I thank you sincerely for your promise of support in my election , because I know you would not give it unless you sincerely thought me a fit person to be admitted . " Faraday was the original Secretary of the Athenaeum Club ; but finding the occupation incompatible with his pursuits , resigned in May 1824 . The original prospectus and early list of members have his name attached to them . This year he was elected Corresponding Member of the Academy of Sciences , Paris , of the Accademia dei Georgofili di Firenze , Honorary Member of the Cambridge Philosophical Society and the British Institution . . 32 ( 1824 ) . Faraday was elected Fellow of the Royal Society , January 8th . This year he published only a historical statement in the Quarterly Journal of Science on the liquefaction of gases , showing that carbonic acid , ammonia , arseniuretted hydrogen , chlorine , sulphurous acid had been liquefied before his own experiments in 1823 . He joined Mr. Brande in the delivery of the morning course of chemical lectures at the Institution . In July he went to the Isle of Wight with Mrs. Faraday , and returned again in August to bring her home . He was elected an Honorary Member of the Cambrian Society of Swansea , and a Fellow of the Geological Society . This year the President and Council of the Royal Society appointed a committee for the improvement of glass for optical purposes , consisting of Fellows of the Royal Society and members of the then Board of Longitude . Et . 33 ( 1825 ) . Faraday was made Director of the Laboratory of the Royal Institution , and therein he had three or four evening meetings of the members of the Institution , from which came the Friday evening meetings of the members . He was elected a Member of the Royal Institution , and a Corresponding Member of the Society of Medical Chemists , Paris . He had a paper on new compounds of carbon and hydrogen , and on certain other products obtained during the decomposition of oil by heat , read to the Royal Society , and printed in the Transactions ; one of these substances was benzol . He had a paper in the Quarterly Journal on some cases of the formation of ammonia , and on the means of testing the presence of minute portions of nitrogen in certain states . In May a subcommittee , consisting of Mr. Herschel , Mr. Dollond , and Mr. Faraday , was appointed to have the direct superintendence and performance of experiments on the manufacture of optical glass . " It was my business to investigate particularly the chemical part of the inquiry . Mr. Dollond was to work and try the glass , and ascertain practically its good or bad qualities , whilst Mr. Herschel was to examine its physical properties , reason respecting their influence and utility , and make his competent mind bear upon every part of the inquiry . In March 1829 the committee was reduced to two by the retirement of Mr. HIerschel , who about that period went to the Continent . " In July he left London by steamboat for Scotland . After visiting the damask works , he went to Leith to see the glass works . He minutely describes the geology of Salisbury Craig , Arthur 's Seat , and Craigleith quarries , and then went to Rubislaw ( Bleaching Liquor Works ) , Aberdeen . Here he made many experiments for the proprietors , with whom he stayed . - , t. 34 ( 1826 ) . He had a paper on the Mutual Action of Sulphuric Acid and Naphthaline printed in the Philosophical Transactions , and another on the existence of a limit to Vaporization , and in the Quarterly Journal of Science four paperson Pure Caoutchouc and the Substances by which it is accompanied in the state of Sap or Juice , on the Fluidity of Sulphur at common temperatures , on a peculiar perspective appearance of aerial light and shade , and on the confinement of Dry Gases over Mercury . There were seventeen meetings of the members of the Royal Institution held on Friday evenings during this season , and at these Faraday gave seven discourses-on Pure Caoutchouc ; on Brunel 's Condensed Gas-engine ; on Lithography ; on the existence of a limit to Vaporization ; on Sulphovinic and Sulphonaphthalic Acid ; on Drummond 's Light ; on Brunel 's Tunnel at Rotherhithe . This year he was relieved from the duty of chemical assistant at the lectures given at the Institution , because of his occupation in research , and he was made an honorary member of the Westminster Medical Society . In his chemical notes there is an analysis of " committee glass " and Saxony gunpowder , and remarks on calico printing and soap making , and soda from common salt . In July he again was in the Isle of Wight . Et . 35 ( 1827 ) . Faraday gave his first course of lectures in the theatre of the Institution in April on Chemical Philosophy . He writes:--"The President and Council of the Royal Society applied to the President and Managers of the Royal Institution for leave to erect on their premises an experimental room with a furnace , for the purpose of continuing the investigation on the manufacture of optical glass . They were guided in this by the desire which the Royal Institution has always evinced to assist in the advancement of science ; and the readiness with which the application was granted showed that no mistaken notion had been formed in this respect . As a member of both bodies , I felt much anxiety that the investigation should be successful . A room and furnaces were built at the Royal Institution in September 1827 , and an assistant was engaged , Sergeant Anderson of the Royal Artillery . He came on the 3rd of December . " He had four papers in the Quarterly Journal of Science:-1 , on the Fluidity of Sulphur and Phosphorus at common temperatures . " In this , " he says , " I published some time ago [ the year previous ] a short account of an instance of the existence of fluid sulphur at common temperatures ; and though I thought the fact curious , I did not esteem it of such importance as to put more than my initials to the account . I have just learned through the 'Bulletin Universel ' for September , p. 78 , that Signor Bellani had observed the same fact in 1813 , and published it in the 'Giornale di Fisica . ' M. Bellani complains of the manner in which facts and theories which have been published by him are afterwards given by others as new discoveries ; and though I find myself classed with Gay-Lussac , Sir H. Davy , Daniell , and Bostock , in having thus erred , I shall not rest satisfied without making restitution , for M. Bellani in this instance certainly deserves it at my hand . " 2 , on the probable decomposition of certain gaseous compounds of carbon and hydrogen during sudden expansion ; 3 , on transference of Heat by change of Capacity in Gas ; and 4 , Experiments on the Nature of Labarraque 's Disinfecting Soda Liquid . There were nineteen Friday evening meetings at the Royal Institution . Faraday gave an account of the magnetic phenomena developed by metals in motion , on the chemical action of chlorine and its compounds as disinfectants , and on the progress of the Thames tunnel . In this year he published his " Chemical Manipulations , " in one volume , 8vo . A second edition appeared in 1830 , and a third in 1842 . He was made a Correspondent of the Societe Philomathique , Paris . St. 36 ( 1828 ) . He had a few words in the Quarterly Journal on anhydrous crystals of sulphate of soda . He gave four of the Friday evening lectures : Illustrations of the new Phenomena produced by a current of Air or Vapour recently observed by M. Clement ; on the reciprocation of Sound ; and also a discourse on the Nature of Musical Sound . The matter belonged to Mr. Wheatstone , but was delivered by Mr. Faraday . The last evening was on the recent and present state of the Thames tunnel . He was made a Fellow of the Natural Society of Science of Heidelberg . He was invited to attend the meetings of the Board of Managers of the Institution ; and he received his first ( gold ) medal , one of a series of ten given to Members of the Royal Institution ( as a reward for chemical discoveries ) by Mr. John Fuller , a Member . it . 37 ( 1829 ) . He gave the Bakerian lecture at the Royal Society on the Manufacture of Glass for Optical purposes . This most laborious investigation led to no good in the direction that was originally expected , but the use of the glass manufactured , as described afterwards , became of the utmost importance in his diamagnetic and magneto-optical researches , and it led to the permanent engagement , in 1832 , of Mr. Charles Anderson as Faraday 's assistant in all his researches , " to whose rare steadiness , exactitude , and faithfulness in the performance of all that was committed to his charge Faraday was much indebted . " He gave Friday evening discourses on Mr. Robert Brown 's discovery of Active Molecules in bodies , either organic or inorganic ; on Brard 's test of the action of weather on building stones ; on Wheatstone 's further investigations on the resonances or reciprocal vibrations of volumes of air ; on Brunel 's block machinery at Portsmouth ; on the phonical or nodal figures of elastic laminae ; on the manufacture of glass for optical purposes . He was made a member of the Scientific Advising Committee of the Admiralty , Patron of the Library of the Institution , Honorary Member of the Society of Arts , Scotland . At the end of June he writes to Colonel Drummond , Lieutenant-Governor of the Royal Academy , Woolwich:-- " I should be happy to undertake the duty of lecturing on chemistry to the gentlemen cadets of Woolwich , provided that the time I should have to take for the purpose from professional business at home were remunerated by the salary ... For these reasons [ which he gives ] I wish you would originate the terms rather than I ... . I consider the offer a high honour , and beg you to feel assured of my sense of it . I should have been glad to have accepted or declined it , independent of pecuniary motives ; but my time is my only estate , and that which would be occupied in the duty of the situation must be taken from what otherwise would be given to professional business . " At Christmas he for the first time gave the Juvenile Lectures . Xt . 38 ( 1830 ) . This year he had a paper in the Institution Journal supplementary to his former paper in 1826 on the limits 'f vaporization . His Friday evening discourses were on Aldini 's proposed method of preserving men exposed to flame ; on the Transmission of Musical sounds through solid conductors and their subsequent reciprocation ; on the Flowing of Sand under Pressure ; on the application of a New Principle in the Construction of Musical Instruments ; on the laws of Coexisting Vibrations in strings and rods , illustrated by the kaleidophone . The following recollections from about 1823 to 1830 are by Mrs. Faraday 's youngest brother , Mr. George Barnard , the artist : " All the years I was with Harding I dined at the Royal Institution . After dinner we nearly always had our games just like boys-sometimes at ball , or with horse chestnuts instead of marbles , Faraday appearing to enjoy them as much as I did , and generally excelling us all . Sometimes we rode round the theatre on a velocipede ( and tradition remains that in the earliest part of a summer morning Faraday has been seen going up Hampstead Hill on his velocipede ) . " At this time we had very pleasant conversaziones of artists , actors , and musicians at Hullmandel 's , sometimes going up the river in his eight-oar cutter , cooking our own dinner , enjoying the singing of Garcia and his wife and daughter ( afterwards Malibran ) , indeed of all the best Italian singers , and the society of most of the Royal Academicians , such as Stanfield , Turner , Westall , Landseer , & c. " After Hullmandel 's excellent suppers , served on a dozen or two small tables in his large rooms , we had charades , Faraday and many of us taking parts with Garcia , Malibran , and the rest . " My first and many following sketching trips were made with Faraday and his wife . Storms excited his admiration at all times , and he was never tired of looking into the heavens . He said to me once , 'I wonder you artists do n't study the light and colour in the sky more , and try more for effect . ' I think this quality in Turner 's drawings made him admire them so much . He made Turner 's acquaintance at Hullmandel 's , and afterwards often had applications from him for chemical information about pigments . Faraday always impressed upon Turner and other artists the great necessity there was to experiment for themselves , putting washes and tints of all their pigments in the bright sunlight , covering up one half , and noticing the effect of light and gases on the other . " On one of our sea-side excursions we were bathing together , when Faraday , who was a fair swimmer , on coming in was overtaken by a tremendous wave which overtopped his head , and dashed him with violence on the beach , bruising him much . He impressed on me never to think any one could stand against such a breaker ; that one should turn round and dive through it , throwing one 's self off the ground . Faraday did not fish at all during these country trips , but just rambled about geologizing or botanizing . " If Faraday 's scientific life had ended here it might well have been called a noble success . He had made two leading discoveries , the one on electro-magnetic motions , the other on the condensation of several gases into liquids . He had carried out two important and most laborious investigations on the alloys of steel and on the manufacture of optical glass . He had made many communications to the Royal Society , and many more to the Quarterly Journal of Science . From assistant in the laboratory he had become its director . He was constantly lecturing in the great theatre , and he had probably prolonged the existence of the Royal Institution by taking the most active part in the establishment of the Friday evening meetings . But when we turn to the eight volumes of manuscripts of his ' Experimental Researches , ' which he bequeathed to the Royal Institution , we find that he was just going to begin to work . The first of these large folio volumes begins in 1831 with paragraph 1 , and continues in the seventh to paragraph 15,389 in 1856 . The results of this work he has collected himself in four volumes octavo . The three volumes on electricity were published in 1839 , in 1844 , and in 1855 ; the last volume , on chemistry and physics , he published in 1859 . Whenever he was about to investigate a subject , he wrote out , on separate slips of paper , different queries regarding it which his genius made him think were " naturally possible " to be answered by experiment . He slightly fixed them one beneath another , in the order in which he intended to experiment . As a slip was answered it was removed , and others were added in the course of the investigation , and these in their turn were worked out and removed . If no answer was obtained , the slip remained to be returned to at another time . Out of the answers the manuscript volumes were formed , and from these the papers were written for the Royal Society , where they were always read before the popular account of them was given to the Royal Institution at a Friday evening meeting . When nearly fifty years of age , he became so seriously troubled with want of memory and giddiness that he thought he should be unable to do any more , and in his most exact way he drew up the following table of the work he had given up temporarily during the first ten years that his experimental investigations in electricity had lasted : I| IjI{~jIj May give up Easter lectures and all other business at Royal Institution . I Gave up Friday evenings . I Gave up juvenile lectures . I Gave up Mr. Brande 's twelve morning lectures . III Closed three days in the week . I Declined reprinting ' Cheimical Manipulation . ' I111 Gave up many morning lectures . I Gave up the rest of professional business . '.| | Gave up excise business . Declined all.dining-out invitations . Gave up professional business in courts . *----l-Declined Council business at Royal Society . ? /t . 39 ( 1831 ) . In this year the first series of ' Experimental Researches in Electricity ' was read to the Royal Society . It contained experiments ( 1 ) on the Induction of Electric Currents , ( 2 ) on the Evolution of Electricity from Magnetism , ( 3 ) on a new Electrical Condition of Matter , and on Arago 's Magnetic Phenomena . He had also in the Transactions a paper on a peculiar class of acoustical figures , and on certain forms assumed by groups of particles upon vibrating elastic surfaces . In the Quarterly Journal of Science he had a paper on a peculiar class of optical deceptions , which gave rise to the chromatrope . He gave five Friday discourses on a peculiar class of Optical Deceptions ; on Oxalamide , discovered by M. Dumas ; on Light and Phosphorescence ( being an account of experiments recently made in the Royal Institution by Mr. Pearsall , Chemical Assistant ) ; on Trevelyan 's recent Experiments on the production of Sound during the conduction of Heat ; and on the Arrangements assumed by Particles upon Vibrating Elastic Surfaces . He was elected an Honorary Member of the Imperial Academy of Sciences , Petersburg . In a letter to his friend , Richard Phillips , he first complains of his memory . " My memory gets worse and worse daily , I will not therefore say I have not received your Pharmacopoeia . " Three months later he thanks him for the last edition of the Pharmacopoeia , and says , " I am busy just now again on electro-magnetism , and think I have got hold of a good thing , but ca n't say . It may be a weed instead of a fish that , after all my labour , I may at last pull up . I think I know why metals are magnetic when in motion , though not ( generally ) when at rest . " Nov. 29.Two months later he again writes , and this time from Brighton " We are here to refresh . I have been working and writing a paper that always knocks me up in health , but now I feel well again and able to pursue my subject , and now I will tell you what it is about . The title will be , I think , 'Experimental Researches in Electricity':-I . On the Induction of Electric Currents ; II . On the Evolution of Electricity from Magnetism ; III . On a new Electrical Condition of Matter ; IV . On Arago 's Magnetic Phenomena . There is a bill of fare for you , and , what is more , I hope it will not disappoint you . Now the pith of all this I must give you very briefly , the demonstrations you shall have in the paper when printed . " I. When an electric current is passed through one of two parallel wires , it causes at first a current in the same direction through the other , but this induced current does not last a moment , notwithstanding the inducing current ( from the voltaic battery ) is continued ; all seems unchanged , except that the principal current continues its course . But when the current is stopped , then a return current occurs in the wire under induction , of about the same intensity and momentary duration , but in the opposite direction to that first formed . Electricity in currents therefore exerts an inductive action like ordinary electricity , but subject to peculiar laws . The effects are a current in the same direction when the induction is established , a reverse current when the induction ceases , and a peculiar state in the interim . Common electricity probably does the same thing ; but as it is at present impossible to separate the beginning and the end of a spark or discharge from each other , all the effects are simultaneous and neutralize each other . " II . Then I found that magnets would induce just like voltaic currents , and by bringing helices and wires and jackets up to the poles of magnets , electrical currents , were produced in them , these currents being able to deflect the galvanometer , or to make , by means of the helix , magnetic needles , or in one case even to give a spark . Hence the evolution of electricityfrom magnetism . The currents were not permanent ; they ceased the moment the wires ceased to approach the magnet , because the new and apparently quiescent state was assumed just as in the case of the induction of current ; but when the magnet was removed , and its induction therefore ceased , the return currents appeared as before . These two kinds of induction I have distinguished by the terms volta-electric and magneto-electric induction . Their identity of action and results is , I think , a very powerful proof of M. Ampere 's theory of magnetism . " III . The new electrical condition which intervenes by induction between the beginning and end of the inducing current gives rise to some very curious results . It explains why chemical action or other results of electricity have never been as yet obtained in trials with the magnet . In fact the currents have no sensible duration . I believe it will explain perfectly the transference of elements between the poles of the pile in decomposition ; but this part of the subject I have reserved until the present experiments are completed ; and it is so analogous , in some of its effects , to those of Ritter 's secondary piles , De la Rive and Van Beck 's peculiar properties of the poles of a voltaic pile , that I should not wonder if they all proved ultimately to depend on this state . The condition of matter I have dignified by the term Electrotonic , THE ELECTROTONIC STATE . What do you think of that ? Am I not a bold man , ignorant as I am , to coin words ? but I have consulted the scholars , and now for IV . " IV . The new state has enabled me to make out and explain all Arago 's phenomena of the rotating magnet or copper plate . I believe , perfectly ; but as great names are concerned ( Arago , Babbage , Herschel , & c. ) , and as I have to differ from them , I have spoken with that modesty which you so well know you and I and John Frost * have in common , and for which the world so justly commends us . I am even half afraid to tell you what it is . You will think I am hoaxing you , or else in your compassion you may conclude I am deceiving myself . However , you need do neither , but had better laugh , as I did most heartily , when I found that it was neither attraction nor repulsion , but just one of my old rotations in a new form . I cannot explain to you all the actions , which are very curious ; but in consequence of the electrotonic state being assumed and lost as the parts of the plate whirl under the pole , and in consequence of magneto-electric induction , currents of electricity are formed in the direction of the radii , continuing , for simple reasons , as long as the motion continues , but ceasing when that ceases . Hence the wonder is explained that the metal has powers on the magnet when moving , but not when at rest . Hence is also explained the effect which Arago observed , and which made him contradict Babbage and Herschel , and say the power was repulsive ; but , as a whole , it is really tangential . It is quite comfortable to me to find that experiment need not quail before mathematics , but is quite competent to rival it in discovery ; and I am amazed to find that what the high mathematicians have announced as the essential condition to the rotation , namely , that time is required , has so little foundation , that if the time could by possibility be anticipated instead of being required , i. e. if the currents could be formed before the magnet came over the place instead of after , the effect would equally ensue . Adieu , dear Phillips . Excuse this egotistical letter from yours , very faithfully.".Et . 40 ( 1832 ) . The second series of Experimental Researches in Electricity was this year the Bakerian lecture on Terrestrial Magneto-electric Induction , and on the Force and Direction of Magneto-electric Induction generally . His Friday discourses were , ( 1 ) on Dr. Johnson 's Researches on the Reproductive Power of Planariae ; ( 2 ) recent experimental Investigation of Volta-electric and Magneto-electric Induction ; ( 3 ) Magneto-electric In* A pushing acquaintance , who , without claim of any kind , got himself presented at Court . duction , and the explanation it affords of Arago 's Phenomena of Magnetism exhibited by moving Metals ; ( 4 ) Evolution of Electricity , naturally and artificially , by the inductive action of the Earth 's Magnetism ; ( 5 ) on the Crispation of Fluids lying on vibrating Surfaces ; and on Morden 's Machinery for manufacturing Bramah 's locks . He was made Hon. Member of Philadelphia College of Pharmacy , and of Chemical and Physical Society , Paris ; Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , Boston ; Member of the Royal Society of Science , Copenhagen ; D.C.L. of Oxford University ; and he received the Copley medal . He collected the different papers , notes , notices , & c. published in octavo up to this year , and he added this preface to the volume:- " Papers of mine published in octavo in the Quarterly Journal of Science and elsewhere , since the time that Sir H. Davy encouraged me to write the 'Analysis of Caustic Lime . ' Some I think ( at this date ) are good , others moderate , and some bad ; but I have put all into the volume , because of the utility they have been to me , and none more than the bad in pointing out to me in future , or rather after times , the faults it became me to watch and avoid . As I never looked over one of my papers a year after it was written without believing , both in philosophy and manner , it would have been much better done , I still hope this collection may be of great use to me . " In December , the Royal Institution being in trouble , a committee reported on all the salaries . ' The Committee are certainly of opinion that no reduction can be made in Mr. Faraday 's salary , ? 100 per annum , house , coals , and candles , and beg to express their regret that the circumstances of the Institution are not such as to justify their proposing such an increase of it as the variety of duties which Mr. Faraday has to perform , and the zeal and ability with which he performs them , appear to merit . " St. 41 ( 1833 ) . The third series of Experimental Researches contained the Identity of Electricities derived from different sources , and the relation by measure of common and voltaic electricity . The fourth series consisted of a new law of Electric Conduction , and on Conducting-power generally . The fifth series was on Electro-chemical Decomposition , new conditions of Electrochemical Decomposition , influence of Water in Electro-chemical Decomposition , and Theory of Electrochemical Decomposition . The sixth series was on the Power of Metals and other Solids to induce the combination of gaseous bodies . He sent a short note to the editors of the Philosophical Magazine on a means of preparing the Organs of Respiration so as considerably to extend the time of holding the breath , with remarks on its application in cases in which it is required to enter an irrespirable atmosphere , and on the precautions necessary to be observed in such cases . His Friday discourses were on the Identity of Electricity derived from different sources ; on the practical prevention of Dry Rot in Timber ; on the investigation of the Velocity and Nature of the Electric Spark and Light by Wheatstone ; on Mr. Brunel 's new mode of constructing Arches for Bridges ; on the mutual relations of Lime , Carbonic Acid , and Water ; on a new law of Electric Conduction ; and on the power of Platina and other solid substances to determine the combination of gaseous bodies . In the early part of the year Mr. Fuller had founded a professorship of chemistry at the Royal Institution , with a salary of about 61 00 a year . Mr. Faraday was appointed for his life , with the privilege of giving no lectures . He was made Corresponding Member of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Berlin , and Hon. Member of the Hull Philosophical Society . yt . 42 ( 1834 ) . The seventh series of Experimental Researches was on Electro-chemical Decomposition ( continued ) : on some general conditions of Electro-decomposition ; on a new measure of Volta Electricity ; on the Primary and Secondary character of bodies evolved in Electro-decomposition ; on the definite nature and extent of Electro-chemical Decomposition ; on the absolute quantity of Electricity associated with the Particles or Atoms of Matter . The eighth series was on the Electricity of the Voltaic Pile , its source , quantity , and general characters ; on simple Voltaic Circles ; on the Intensity necessary for Electrolyzation ; on associated Voltaic Circles on the Voltaic Battery ; on the resistance of an Electrolyte to Electrolytic Action ; general remarks on the active Voltaic Battery . The ninth series was on the influence by induction of an Electric Current on itself , and on the inductive action of Electric Currents generally . He gave four Friday discourses , the first on the principle and action of Ericsson 's Caloric engine . The other lectures were on Electro-chemical Decomposition ; on the definite action of Electricity ; and on new applications of the products of Caoutchouc . He was made Foreign Corresponding Member of the Academy of Sciences and Literature of Palermo . Lt. 43 ( 1835 ) . The tenth series of Experimental Researches was on an improved form of the Voltaic Battery , some practical results respecting the Construction and Use of the Voltaic Battery . He gave Friday discourses on Melloni 's recent discoveries on Radiant Heat ; on the Induction of Electric Currents ; on the Manufacture of Pens from Quills and Steel , illustrated by Morden 's machinery ; on the Condition and Use of the Tympanum of the Ear . In July he went with Mrs. Faraday from Brighton to Dieppe , spending a week in Paris , and some days at Geneva ; he stayed two days at Chamouni . He writes to his friend Magrath:-- " We are almost surfeited with magnificent scenery ; and for myself I would rather not see it than see it with an exhausted appetite . The weather has been most delightful , and everything in our favour , so that the scenery has been in the most beautiful condition . Mont Blanc , above all , is wonderful , and I could not but feel , what I have often felt before , that painting is very far beneath poetry in cases of high expression , of which this is one . No artist should try to paint Mont Blanc , it is utterly out of his reach . IHe cannot convey an idea of it , and a formal map , or a common-place model , conveys more intelligence , even with respect to the sublimity of the mountain , than his highest efforts can do ; in fact he must be able to dip his brush in light and darkness before he can paint Mont Blanc . Yet the moment one sees it Lord Byron 's expressions come to mind , and they seem to apply . The poetry and the subject dignify each other . " On the 20th of April Sir James South wrote to him to say that he would have a letter from Sir Robert Peel acquainting him with the fact that , had Sir R. Peel remained in office , a pension would have been given him . On the 23rd he wrote a letter to Sir James South , which , however , his father-in-law prevented him from sending . He said , " I hope you will not think that I am unconscious of the good you meant me , or undervalue your great exertions for me , when I say that I cannot accept a pension whilst I am able to work for my living . Do not from this draw any sudden conclusion that my opinions are such and such . I think that Government is right in rewarding and sustaining science . I am willing to think , since such approbation has been intended me , that my humble exertions have been worthy , and I think that scientific men are not wrong in accepting the pensions ; but still I may not take a pay which is not for services performed whilst I am able to live by my labours . " In the 'Times ' of Saturday , 28th Oct. 1835 , under the head of Tory and Whig Patronage to Science and Literature , is the following conversation , copied from Fraser 's Magazine:"Mr . F. I am here , my Lord , by your desire ; am I. to understand that it is on the business which I have partially discussed with Mr. Young ? ( Lord M. 's Secretary . ) Lord Melbourne . You mean the pension , do n't you ? Mr. F. Yes , my Lord . Lord M. Yes , you mean the pension , and I mean the pension too . I hate the name of the pension . I look upon the whole system of giving pensions to literary and scientific persons as a piece of gross humbug ; it was not done for any good purpose , and never ought to have been done . It is a gross humbug from beginning to end . Mr. F. ( rising , and making a bow ) . After all this , my Lord , I perceive that my business with your Lordship is ended . I wish you a good morning . " Faraday said that the report of this conversation was full of error ; however he wrote : " To the Right Hon. Lord Viscount Melbourne , First Lord of the Treasury . " October 26 . ' My Lord , The conversation with which your Lordship honoured me this afternoon , including , as it did , your Lordship 's opinion of the general character of the pensions given of late to scientific persons , induces me respectfully to decline the favour which I believe your Lordship intends for me ; for I feel that I could not , with satisfaction to myself , accept at your Lordship 's hands that which , though it has the form of approbation , is of the character which your Lordship so pithily applied to it . " This note , Mr. F. says , " was left by myself , with my card , at Lord Melbourne 's office on the same evening , i. e. of the day of our conversation . " On the 6th of November Faraday wrote to Sir James South:"And now , my dear Sir , pray let me drop ... . . I know you have serious troubles of your own . Do not let me be one any longer either to you or to others . You have my most grateful feelings for all the kindness you have shown to him who is ever truly yours . " The intervention of Miss Fox and Lady Mary Fox , caused Lord Melbourne to write the following letter : " November 24 . " Sir , It was with much concern that I received your letter declining the offer which I considered myself to have made in the interview which I had with you in Downing Street , and it was with still greater pain that I collected from that letter that your determination was founded upon the certainly imperfect , and perhaps too blunt and inconsiderate manner in which I had expressed myself in our conversation . I am not unwilling to admit that anything in the nature of censure upon any party ought to have been abstained from upon such an occasion ; but I can assure you that my observations were intended only to guard myself against the imputation of having any political advantage in view , and not in any respect to apply to the conduct of those who had or hereafter might avail themselves of a similar offer . I intended to convey that , although I did not entirely approve of the motives which appeared to me to have dictated some recent grants , yet that your scientific character was so eminent and unquestionable as entirely to do away any objection which I might otherwise have felt , and to render it impossible that a distinction so bestowed could be ascribed to any other motive than a desire to reward acknowledged desert and to advance the interest of philosophy . I cannot help entertaining a hope that this explanation may be sufficient to remove any unpleasant or unfavourable impression which may have been left upon your mind , and that I shall have the satisfaction of receiving your consent to my advising His Majesty to grant to you a pension equal in amount to that which has been conferred upon Professor Airy and other persons of distinction in science and literature . " The same day Faraday wrote:- " My Lord , your Lordship 's letter , which I have just had the honour to receive , has occasioned me both pain and pleasure-pain , because I should have been the cause of your Lordship 's writing such a one , and pleasure , because it assures.me that I am not unworthy of your Lordship 's regard . " As , then , your Lordship feels that , by conferring on me the mark of approbation hinted at in your letter , you will be at once discharging your duty as First Minister of the Crown , and performing an act consonant with your own kind feelings , I hesitate not to say I shall receive your Lordship 's offer both with pleasure and with pride . " The pension was granted December 24 , but in the interval he was much troubled by some , who thought that a contradiction to the injurious statement in the ' Times ' against Lord Melbourne ought to be made . To one Faraday writes:- " The pension is a matter of indifference to me , but other results , some of which have already come to pass , are not so . The continued renewal of this affair , to my mind , tempts me at times to what might be thought very ungenerous under the circumstances , namely , even at this late hour a determined refusal of the whole . " On the 8th of December he , however , published a letter in the 'Times , ' in which he says , " I beg leave thus publicly to state that neither directly nor indirectly did I communicate to the Editor of Fraser 's Magazine the information on which that article ( an extract of which was published in the 'Times ' of the 28th ) was founded , or further , either directly or indirectly , any information to or for any publication whatsoever . " This year he was made Corresponding Member of the Royal Academy of Medicine , Paris ; Hon. Member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , Institution of British Architects , and Physical Society of Frankfort ; Hon. Fellow of the Medico-Chirurgical Society of London ; and he was awarded one of the Royal Medals by the Royal Society . 44 ( 1836 ) . This year the whole course of Faraday 's scientific work was changed by his appointment as Adviser to the Trinity House . lie published one paper in the Philosophical Magazine on the general Magnetic Relations and Characters of the Metals , which he begins by saying , " general views have long since led me to an opinion , which is probably also entertained by others , though I do not remember to have met with it , that all the metals are magnetic in the same manner as iron . " He gave four Friday discourses on Silicified Plants and Fossils ; on Magnetism of Metals as a general character ; on Plumbago , and on Pencils , Morden 's Machinery ; and considerations respecting the nature of Chemical Elements . The 3rd of February he wrote to Capt. Pelly , Deputy Master of the Trinity House : " I consider your letter to me as a great compliment , and should view the appointment at the Trinity House , which you propose , in the same light ; but I may not accept even honours without due consideration . " In the first place , my time is of great value to me , and if the appointment you speak of involved anything like periodical routine attendances , I do not think I could accept it . But if it meant that in consultation , in the examination of proposed plans and experiments , in trials , & c. made as my convenience would allow , and with an honest sense of a duty to be performed , then I think it would consist with my present engagements . You have left the title and the sum in pencil . These I look at mainly as regards the character of the appointment ; you will believe me to be sincere in this , when you remember my indifference to your proposition as a matter of interest , though not as a matter of kindness . " In consequence of the goodwill and confidence of all around me I can at any moment convert my time into money , but I do not require more of the latter than is sufficient for necessary purposes . The sum therefore of ? 200 is quite enough in itself , but not if it is to be the indicator of the character of the appointment ; but I think you do not view it so , and that you and I understand each other in that respect ; and your letter confirms me in that opinion . The position which I presume you would wish me to hold is analogous to that of a standing counsel . " As to the title , it might be what you pleased almost . Chemical adviser is too narrow ; for you would find me venturing into parts of the philosophy of light not chemical . Scientific adviser you may think too broad ( or in me too presumptuous ) ; and so it would be , if by it was understood all science . It was the character I held with two other persons at the Admiralty Board in its former constitution . " The thought occurs to me whether , after all , you want such a person as myself . This you must judge of ; but I always entertain a fear of taking an office in which I may be of no use to those who engage me . Your applications are , however , so practical , and often so chemical , that I have no great doubt in the matter . " On the 4th he was made Scientific Adviser in experiments on lights to the Corporation . For thirty years nearly he held this post . What he did may be seen in the portfolios , full of manuscripts , which Mrs. Faraday has given to the Trinity House , in which , by the marvellous order and method of his notes and indices , each particle of his work can be found and consulted immediately . His first work was to make a photometer . Throughout the whole year he was busy on the subject , making three photometers , and ascertaining the capability and accuracy of the instruments . He also experimented on the preparation of oxygen for the Bude light , drawing up the most exact tables for the record of the manufacture ; for example , the 1 th of November he says , " hence oxygen costs very nearly twopence per cubical foot ; exactly 1-909 pence . " Ile was made Senator of the University of London ; Hon. Member of the Society of Pharmacy of Lisbon and of the Sussex Royal Institution ; Foreign Member of the Society of Sciences of Modena , and the Natural-History Society of Basle../ Et . 45 ( 1837 ) . This year the 'Eleventh Series of Experimental Researches in Electricity ' c was communicated to the Royal Society . It was on Induction : Induction an action of contiguous particles ; absolute charge of Matter ; Electrometer and Inductive Apparatus employed ; Induction in Curved Lines ; Specific Inductive Capacity ; general results as to Induction . His work for the Trinity House consisted in examining the Trinity lamp , the French lamp , and the Bude lamp , as to intensity of light and price : " pressed Mr. Gurney , by letter , to give us his best lamp at once and not to lose time . " Two of his four Friday discourses were on the views of Professor Mossotti as to one general law accounting for the different Forces in Matter ; on Dr. Marshall Hall 's views of the Nervous System . He was elected Honorary Member of the Literary and Scientific Institution , Liverpool . Lt. 46 ( 1838 ) . The twelfth series of Researches was published this year.-On Induction ( continued ) : Conduction or Conductive Discharge ; Electrolytic Discharge ; Disruptive Discharge , Insulation , Spark , Brush , Difference of Discharge at the*positive and negative surfaces of conductors . The thirteenth series was also on Induction ( continued ) : Disruptive Discharge ( continued ) . Peculiarities of positive and . negative discharge either as spark or brush ; Glow Discharge ; Dark Discharge . Convection or Carrying Discharge . Relation of a vacuum to Electrical Phenomena . Nature of the Electrical Current . The fourteenth series was on the nature of the Electric Force or Forces . Relation of the Electric and Magnetic Forces , and notes on Electrical Excitation . The fifteenth series was a notice of the character and direction of the Electric Force of the Gymnotus . For the Trinity House he a second time reported on the new Gurney lamp , comparing it in light and cost with the French lamp . He gave four Friday discourses this year . He was made Honorary Member of the Institution of Civil Engineers ; Foreign Member of the Royal Academy of Sciences , Stockholm ; and he received the Copley Medal..t . 47 ( 1839 ) . At the end of July he was four days at Orfordness for the Trinity House , measuring and comparing at sea and on land the Argand lamp , the French lamp , and the Bude lamp . He gave four Friday discourses , two of which were on the Electric powers of the Gymnotus and Silurus . An account of Gurney 's oxv-oil-lamp . During thirteen years , Miss Reid , a niece of Mrs. Faraday s , had lived at the Institution , and she has thus given her recollections of Mr. Faraday during these and the following six years : ' There could be very few regular lessons at the Institution ; there were so many breaks and interruptions . Sometimes my uncle would give me a few sums to do , and he always tried to make me understand the why and wherefore of everything I did . Then occasionally he gave me a readinglesson . How patient he was , and how often he went over and over the same passage when I was unusually dense . He had himself taken lessons from Smart , and he used to practise reading with exaggerated emphasis occasionally . In the earlier days of the juvenile lectures he used to encourage me to tell him everything that struck me , and where my difficulties lay when I did not understand him fully . In the next lecture he would enlarge on those especial points , and he would tell me my remarks had helped him to make things clear to the young ones . He never mortified me by wondering at my ignorance , never seemed to think how stupid I was . I might begin at the very beginning again and again ; his patience and kindness were unfailing . " A visit to the laboratory used to be a treat when the busy time of the day was over . " We often found him hard at work on experiments connected with his researches , his apron full of holes . If very busy he would merely give a nod , and aunt would sit down quietly with me in the distance , till presently he would make a note on his slate and turn round to us for a talk , or perhaps he would agree to come upstairs to finish the evening with a game at bagatelle , stipulating for half an hour 's quiet work first to finish his experiment . He was fond of all ingenious games , and he always excelled in them . For a time he took up the Chinese puzzle , and , after making all the figures in the book , he set to work and produced a new set of figures of his own , neatly drawn , and perfectly accurate in their proportions , which those in the book were not . Another time , when he had been unwell , he amused himself with Papyro-plastics , and with his dexterous fingers made a chest of drawers and pigeon-house , & c. " ; When dull and dispirited , as sometimes he was to an extreme degree , my aunt used to carry him off to Brighton , or somewhere , for a few days , and they generally came back refreshed and invigorated . Once they had very wet weather in some out of the way place , and there was a want of amusement , so he ruled a sheet of paper and made a neat drauglt-board , on which they played games with pink and white lozenges for draughts . But my aunt used to give up almost all the games in turn , as he soon became the better player , and , as she said , there was no fun in being always beaten . At bagatelle , however , she kept the supremacy , and it was long a favourite , on account of its being a cheerful game requiring a little moving about . ' Often of an evening they would go to the Zoological Gardens and find interest in all the animals , especially the new arrivals , though he was always much diverted by the tricks of the monkeys . We have seen him laugh till the tears ran down his cheeks as he watched them . He never missed seeing the wonderful sights of the day-acrobats and tumblers , giants and dwarfs ; even Punch and Judy was an unfailing source of delight , whether he looked at the performance or at the admiring gaping crowd . " He was very sensitive to smells ; he thoroughly enjoyed a cabbage rose , and his friends knew that one was sure to be a welcome gift . Pure Eau de Cologne he liked very much ; it was one of the few luxuries of the kind that he indulged in ; musk was his abhorrence , and the use of that scent by his acquaintance annoyed him even more than the smell of tobacco , which was sufficiently disagreeable to him . The fumes from a candle or oil-lamp going out would make him very angry . On returning home one evening , he found his rooms full of the odious smell from an expiring lamp ; he rushed to the window , flung it up hastily , and brought down a whole row of hyacinth-bulbs and flowers and glasses . " Mr. Magrath used to come regularly to the morning lectures , for the sole purpose of noting down for Mr. F. any faults of delivery or defective pronunciation he could detect . The list was always received with thanks ; although his corrections were not uniformly adopted , he was encouraged to continue his remarks with perfect freedom . In early days he always lectured with a card before him with Slow written upon it in distinct characters . Sometimes he would overlook it and become too rapid ; in this case Anderson had orders to place the card before him . Sometimes he had the word ' Time ' on a card brought forward when the hour was nearly expired . " _t . 48 ( 1840 ) . Early in this year the sixteenth series of Experimental Researches appeared . It was on the Source of Power in the Voltaic Pile:-l . Exciting electrolytes , & c. , being conductors of thermo and feeble currents ; 2 . Inactive Conducting Circles containing an electrolytic fluid ; 3 . Active Circles excited by solution of Sulphuret of Potassium . The seventeenth series came a few days after . Also on the Source of Power in the Voltaic Pile ( continued ) : 4 . The exciting Chemical Force by temperature ; 5 . The exciting Chemical Force affected by dilution ; 6 . Differences in the Order of the Metallic Elements of Voltaic Circles ; 7 . Active Voltaic Circles and Batteries without metallic contact ; 8 . Considerations of the sufficiency of chemical action ; 9 . Thermoelectric evidence ; 10 . Improbable nature of the assumed Contact Force . He gave three Friday discourses . The previous year , . Dr. Hare , Professor of Chemistry in the University of Pennsylvania , wrote . his objections to Faraday 's theoretical opinions on Static Induction . At the end of Faraday 's reply , he says : -"The paragraphs which remain unanswered refer , I think , only to differences of opinion , or else not even to differences , but opinions regarding which I have not ventured to , judge . These opinions I esteem of the utmost importance ; but that is a reason which makes me the rather desirous to decline entering upon their consideration , inasmuch as on many of their connected points I have formed no decided notion , but am constrained by ignorance and the contrast of facts to hold my.judgment as yet in suspense . It is indeed to me an annoying matter to find how many subjects there are in electrical science on which , if I were asked for an opinion , I should have to say cannot tell I do not know ; but , on the other hand , it is encouraging to think that these are they which , if pursued industriously , experimentally , and thoughtfully , will lead to new discoveries . Such a subject , for instance , occurs in the currents produced by dynamic induction , which you say it will be admitted do not require for their production intervening ponderable atoms . For my own part , I more than half incline to think they do require these intervening particles . But on this question , as on many others , I have not yet made up my mind . " On the 1st of January the following year , Dr. Hare sent a reply . In Faraday 's answer to this , he says:- " You must excuse me , however , for several reasons , from answering it at any length . The first is my distaste for controversy , which is so great that I would on no account our correspondence should acquire that character . I have often seen it do great harm , and yet remember few cases in natural knowledge where it has helped much either to pull down error or advance truth . Criticism , on the other hand , is of much value ; and when criticism such as yours has done its duty , then it is for other minds than those either of the author or critic to decide upon and acknowledge the right . " This year he reported to the Trinity House on the necessity and method of examining lighthouse dioptric arrangements , and he had to examine the apparatus intended for Gibraltar . Between Purfleet and Blackwall he made a long comparison between English and French reflecting lamps and between English and French refracting prisms . To Professor Auguste De la Rive , the son of his early friend , he wrote:"Though a miserable correspondent I take up my pen to write to you , the moving feeling being a desire to congratulate you on your discernment , perseverance , faithfulness , and success in the cause of Chemical Excitement of the current in the Voltaic Battery . You will think it is rather late to do so ; but not under the circumstances . For a long time I had not made up my mind ; then the facts of definite electrochemical action made me take part with the supporters of the chemical theory , and since then Marianini 's paper with reference to myself has made me read and experiment more generally on the point in question . In the reading , I was struck to see how soon , clearly , and constantly you had and have supported that theory , and think your proofs and reasons most excellent and convincing . The constancy of Marianini and of many others on the opposite side made me , however , think it not unnecessary to accumulate and record evidence of the truth , and I have therefore written two papers , which I shall send you when printed , in which I enter under your banners as regards the origin of electricity or of the current in the pile . My object in experimenting was , as I am sure yours . has always been , not so much to support a given theory as to learn the natural truth ; and having gone to the question unbiassed by any prejudices , I cannot imagine how any one whose mind is not preoccupied by a theory , or a strong bearing to a theory , can take part with that of contact against that of chemical action . However , I am perhaps wrong saying so much , for , as no one is infallible , and as the experience of past times may teach us to doubt a theory which seems to be most unchangeably established , so we cannot say what the future may bring forth in regard to these views . " He was made Member of the American Philosophical Society , Philadelphia , and Honorary Member of the Hunterian Medical Society , Edinburgh . He was in the autumn of this year ordained Elder in the Sandemanian Church , and he held the office three years and a half , Et . 49 ( 1841 ) . On the 2nd of September Faraday wentdown to St. Catherine 's lighthouse in the Isle of Wight , to remedy the condensation of moisture on the glass in the inside . On the 6th he returned home , " quite satisfied with the chimney , and have no doubt we shall have a lantern quite clear from sweat , and also much cleaner , both as to the mirrors and roof , from soot and blackness , than heretofore . " The 30th of June he left London for three months , with Mrs. Faraday and Mr. and Mrs. George Barnard , for Ostend and Switzerland . The journal which he kept contains many most beautiful descriptions . That of Brientz Lake and the Giessbach is perhaps one of the most striking " George and I crossed the lake in a boat to the Giessbach , he to draw and I to saunter . The day was fine , but the wind against the boat ; and these boats are so cumbrous , and at the same time expose so much surface to the air , that we were about two hours doing the two miles , with two men and occasionally our own assistance at the oar . We broke the oar-band ; we were blown back and sideways . We were drawn against the vertical rock in a place where the lake is nearly 1000 feet deep ; and I might tell a true tale , which would sound very serious , yet after all there was nothing of any consequence but delay . But such is the fallacy of description . We reached the fall and found it in its grandeur ; for , as much rain fell last night , there was perhaps half as much more water than yesterday . This most beautiful fall consists of a fine river , which passes by successive steps down a very deep precipice into the lake . In some of these steps there is a clear leap of water 100 feet or more ; in others , most beautiful combinations of leap , cataract , and rapid the finest rocks occurring at the sides and bed of the torrent . In one part a bridge passes over it ; in another a cavern and path occur under it . To-day every fall was foaming from the abundance of water , and the current of wind brought down by it was in some parts almost too strong to stand against . The sun shone brightly , and the rainbows seen from various parts were very beautiful . One at the bottom of a fine but furious fall was very pleasant ; there it remained motionless , whilst the gusts and clouds of spray swept furiously across its place and were dashed against the rock . It looked like a spirit strong in faith and steadfast in the midst of the storm of passions sweeping across it ; and though it might fade and revive , still it held on to the rock as in hope and giving hope , and the very drops which , in the whirlwind of their fury , seemed as if they would carry all away , were made to revive it and give it greater beauty . How often are the things we fear and esteem as troubles made to become blessings to those who are led to receive them with humility and patience ! In one part of the fall the effect of the current of air was very curious . The great mass of water fell into a foaming basin , but some diverted portions struck the rock opposite the observer , and , collecting , left it at the various projecting parts ; but , instead of descending , these hundred little streams rushed upwards into the air , as if urged by a force the reverse of gravity ; and as there was little other spray in this part , it did not at first occur to the mind that this must be the effect of a powerful current of air , which , having been brought down by the water , was returning up that face of the rock . " Into the pages of this journal he has fixed , with the most extreme neatness , the different mountain-flowers that he gathered in his walks . Mrs. Faraday wrote for him part of a letter to Mr. Magrath " I think Mr. Young would be quite satisfied with the way my husband employs his time . He certainly enjoys the country exceedingly ; and though at first he lamented our absence from home and friends very much , he seems now to be reconciled to it as a means of improving his general health . His strength is , however , very good . He thinks nothing of walking thirty miles in a day , and one day he walked forty-five , which I protested against his doing again , though he was very little the worse for it . I think that is too much . What would Mr. Young say to that ; but the grand thing is rest and relaxation of mind , which he is really taking . " He finishes the letter himself:--"Though my wife 's letter will tell you pretty well all about us , yet a few lines from an old friend ( though somewhat worn out ) will not be unpleasant to one who , like that friend , is a little , the worse for time and hard wear . However , if you jog on as well as we do , you will have no cause for grumbling , by which I mean to say that I certainly have not ; for the comforts that are given me , and , above all , the continued kindness , affection , and forbearance of friends towards me , are , I think , such as few experience ... ... . Remember me most kindly to Mr. Young . I will give no opinion at present as to the effect of his advice on my health and memory ; but I can have only one feeling as to his kindness , and , whatever I may forget , I think I shall not forget that ... ... . Now , as to the main point of this trip , i. e. the mental idleness , you can scarcely imagine how well I take to it , and what a luxury it is . The only fear I have is that when I return friends will begin to think that I shall overshoot the mark ; for feeling that any such exertion is a strain upon that faculty , which I cannot hide from myself is getting weaker , namely , memory , and feeling that the less exertion I make to use that the better I am in health and head , so my desire is to remain indolent , mentally speaking , and to retreat from a position which should only be held by one who has the power as well as the will to be active . All this , however , may be left to clear itself up as the time proceeds.".t . 50 ( 1842 ) . He resumed the Friday evening lectures , and gave one on the Conduction of Electricity in Lightning-rods , and one on the Principles and Practice of H-ullmandel 's Lithotint . This year he made four reports to the Trinity House:-1 , on comparison of the amount of Light cut off by French glass and by Newcastle glass ; 2 , on a new Mode of suspending the Mirrors ; 3 , its application to the Lundy Lighthouse , so as to save light ; 4 , a Report on the Ventilation of the Tynemouth Light ; and he went to see the operation of the grinding-apparatus for lenses at Newcastle . To Dr. T. M. Browne , who had asserted the isomerism of carbon and silicon , and who asked Faraday to witness his experiments and give him a written testimonial if they were satisfactory , he writes:-- " That which made me inaccessible to you makes me so in a very great degree to all my friends-ill health connected with my head ; and I have been obliged , and I am still , to lay by nearly all my own pursuits , and to deny myself the pleasure of society , either in seeing myself in my friends ' houses or them here . This alone would prevent me from acceding to your request . I should , if I assented , do it against the strict advice of my friends , medical and social . " The matter of your request makes me add a word or two , which I hope you will excuse . Any one who does what you ask of me , i. e. certify if the experiment is successful , is bound , without escape , to certify and publish also if it fail ; and I think you may consider that very few persons would be willing to do this . I certainly would not put myself in such a most unpleasant condition . " This year he was made Chevalier of the Prussian Order of Merit ( one of thirty ) , and Foreign Associate of the Royal Academy of Sciences , Berlin . Et . 51 ( 1843 ) . Early this year he sent the eighteenth series of his ' Researches ' to the Royal Society . It was on the electricity evolved by the friction of water and steam against other bodies . This had been first observed by Sir W. Armstrong , and was attributed to evaporation , and was thought to be related to atmospheric electricity . He concluded , " the cause being , I believe , friction , has no effect in producing , and is not connected with , the general electricity of the atmosphere . " He read a paper at the Institution of Civil Engineers on the ventilation of lighthouse lamps , the points necessary to be observed , and the manner in which these have been , or may be , attained . He gave three Friday discourses on some Phenomena of Electric Induction ; on the Ventilation of Lamp-burners , and on the Electricity of Steam . For the Trinity House he went to the South Foreland lighthouses regarding their ventilation . He inspected the dioptric light of the first order , which had just been constructed in France and put up by French workmen , and compared its consumption of oil with the 15 Argand burners which were previously in use . He sent to the Philosophical Magazine a paper on Static Electrical Inductive Action . Among his notes the following occurs:- " Propose to send to the Phil . Mag . for consideration the subject of a bar , or circular , or spherical magnet-first , in the strong magnetic field ; then charged by it ; and , finally , taken away and placed in space . Inquire the disposition of the dual force , the open or the related powers of the poles externally , and if they can exist unrelated . The difference between the state of the power , when related and when not , consistent with the conservation of force . Avoid any particular language . Should not pledge myself to answer any particular observations , or to any one , against open consideration of the subject . Want to direct the thoughts of all upon the subject , and to tie it there ; and especially to gather for myself thought on the point of relation or non-relation of the antithetical force or polarities . " He was made Honorary Member of the Literary and Philosophical Society of Manchester , and Useful Knowledge Society , Aix la Chapelle . Xt . 52 ( 1844 ) . He communicated to the Royal Society a paper on the Liquefaction and Solidification of Bodies generally existing as Gases . I-is object was to subject the gases to considerable pressure , with considerable depression of temperature . Though he did not condense oxygen , hydrogen , or nitrogen , the original objects of his pursuit , he added six substances , usually gaseous , to the list of those that could previously be shown in the liquid state , and he reduced seven , including ammonia , nitrous oxide , and sulphuretted hydrogen , into the solid form . He sent to the Philosophical Magazine a speculation touching electric conduction and the nature of matter . Elsewhere he calls this " a speculation respecting that view of the nature of matter which considers its ultimate atoms as centres of force , and not as so many little bodies surrounded by forces , the bodies being considered in the abstract as independent of the forces , and capable of existing without them . In the latter view these little particles have a definite form and a certain limited size . In the former view such is not the case ; for that which represents size may be considered as extending to any distance to which the lines of force of the particle extend . The particle , indeed , is supposed to exist only by these forces , and where they are it is . " This was the subject of his first Friday discourse . He also gave the last discourse on recent improvements in the Manufacture and Silvering of Mirrors . For the Trinity House he only examined different cottons for the lamps . In October he was sent by Sir James Graham with Mr. Lyell to attend the inquest on those who had died by the explosion in the Haswell colliery . The following account is by Sir Charles : " Faraday undertook the charge with much reluctance , but no sooner had he accepted it than he seemed to be quite at home in his new vocation . He was seated near the coroner , and cross-examined the witnesses with as much talent , skill , and self-possession as if he had been an old practitioner at the bar . We spent eight hours , not without danger , in exploring the galleries where the chief loss of life had been incurred . Among other questions , Faraday asked in what ? way they measured the rate at which the current of air flowed in the mine . An inspector took a small pinch of gunpowder out of a box , as he might have taken a pinch of snuff , and allowed it to fall gradually through the flame of a candle which he held in the other hand . His companion , with a watch , marked the time the smoke took going a certain distance . Faraday admitted that this plan was sufficiently accurate for their purpose ; but , observing the somewhat careless manner in which they handled their powder , he asked where they kept it . They said they kept it in a bag , the neck of which was tied up tight . But where , said he , do you keep the bag ? you are sitting on it was the reply ; for they had given this soft and yielding seat , as the most comfortable one at hand , to the Commissioner . He sprang up on his feet , and , in a most animated and expressive style , expostulated with them for their carelessness , which , as he said , was especially discreditable to those who should be setting an example of vigilance and caution to others who were hourly exposed to the danger of explosions ... ... Hearing that a subscription had been opened for the widows and orphans of the men who had perished by the explosion , I found , on inquiry , that Faraday had already contributed largely . On speaking to him on the subject , he apologized for having done so without mentioning it to me , saying that he did not wish me to feel myself called upon to subscribe because he had done so . " To a lady of the highest talent , who proposed to become his disciple , to go through with him all his own experiments , he wrote:- " That I should rejoice to aid you in your purpose you cannot doubt , but nature is against you . You have all the confidence of unbaulked health and youth , both in body and mind . I am a labourer of many years ' standing , made daily to feel my wearing out . You , with increasing acquisition of knowledge , enlarge your views and intentions . I , though I may gain from day to day some little maturity of thought , feel the decay of powers , and am constrained to a continual process of lessening my intentions and contracting my pursuits . Many a fair discovery stands before me in thought which I once intended , and even now desire , to work out ; but I lose all hope respecting them when I turn my thoughts to that one which is in hand , and see how slowly , for want of time and physical power , it advances , and how likely it is to be not only a barrier between me and the many beyond in intellectual view , but even the last upon the list of those practically wrought out . Understand me in this ; I am not saying that my mind is wearing out , but those physico-mental faculties by which the mind and body are kept in conjunction and work together , and especially the memory , fail me , and hence a limitation of all I was once able to perform with a much smaller extent than heretofore . It is this which has had a great effect in moulding portions of my later life , has tended to withdraw me from the communion and pursuits of men of science my cotemporaries , has lessened the number of points of investigation ( that might at some time have become discoveries ) which I now pursue , and which , in conjunction with its effects , makes me say most unwillingly that I dare not undertake what you propose go with you through even my own experiments . You do not know , and should not now but that I have no concealment on this point from you , how often I have to go to my medical friend to speak of giddiness and aching of the head , and how often he has to bid me cease from restless thoughts and mental occupation and retire to the seaside to inaction . You speak of religion , and here you will be sadly disappointed in me . You will perhaps remember that I guessed , and not very far aside , your tendency in this respect . Your confidence in me claims in return mine to you , which , indeed , I have no hesitation to give on fitting occasions ; but these I think are very few , for in my mind religious conversation is generally in vain . There is no philosophy in my religion . I am of a very small and despised sect of Christians , known , if known at all , as Sandemanians , and our hope is founded on the faith that is in Christ . But though the natural works of God can never by any possibility come in contradiction with the higher things which belong to our future existence , and must with everything concerning him ever glorify him , still I do not think it at all necessary to tie the study of ' the natural sciences and religion together ; and in my intercourse with my fellow creatures that which is religious and that which is philosophical have ever been two distinct things . " ' In answer to Mr. Magrath , who sent him , from the Journal des Debats , ' notice of his election as one of the eight foreign associates of the Academy of Sciences , Paris , he said " I received by this morning 's post notice of the event in a letter from Dumas , who wrote from the Academy at the moment of the deciding the ballot , and , to make it more pleasant , Arago directed it on the outside . " He was also made Honorary Member of the Sheffield Scientific Society . ( 1845 ) . This year produced the nineteenth series of Researches on the Magnetization of Light and the Illumination of Magnetic Lines of Force:-1 . Action of Magnets on Light ; 2 . Action of Electric Currents on Light ; 3 . General considerations . Also the twentieth series , on new Magnetic Actions , and on the Magnetic Conditions of all Matter:-1 . Apparatus required ; 2 . Action of magnets on heavy glass ; 3 . Action of Magnets on other substances acting magnetically on light ; 4 . Action of Magnets on the Metals generally . And the twenty-first series , on new Magnetic Actions , and on the Magnetic Condition of all Matter ( continued ) : 5 . Action of Magnets on the Magnetic Metals and their compounds ; 6 . Action of Magnets on Air and Gases ; 7 . General considerations . For the Trinity House he made a long and exact comparison of the consumption and light of sperm and rape-oil . He gave a Friday discourse on the Condition and Ventilation of the Coal-mine Goaf , and another on the liquefaction and solidification of bodies usually gaseous ; another on anastatic painting , and on the Artesian well in Trafalgar Square . Early in the year he thus wrote to Prof. Auguste De la Rive:--( I have waited and waited for a result , intending to write off to you on the instant , and hoping by that to give a little value to my letter , until now , when the time being gone and the result not having arrived , I am in a worse condition than ever ; and the only value my letter can have will be in the kindness with which you will receive it . The result I hoped for was the condensation of oxygen ; but though I have squeezed him with a pressure of 60 atmospheres at the temperature of 1400 F. below 00 , he would not settle down into the liquid or solid state ; and now , being tired and ill and obliged to prepare for lectures , I must put the subject aside for a little while . " Nitrogen is certainly a strange body . It encourages every sort of guess about its nature and will satisfy none . I have been trying to look at it in the condensed state , but as yet it escapes me . " I thank you most truly , not only for the invitation ( to the scientific meeting ) you have sent me , but for all the favour you would willingly show me . Do you remember one hot day ( I cannot tell how many years ago ) when I was hot and thirsty in Geneva , and you took me to your house in the town and gave me a glass of water and raspberry vinegar ? That glass of drink is refreshing to me still . " Late in the year he writes to M. De la Rive:- " I have had your last letter by me for several weeks intending to answer it , but absolutely I have not been able ; for of late I have shut myself up in my laboratory and wrought to the exclusion of everything else ... ... I am still so involved in discovery that I have hardly time for my meals , and am here at Brighton both to refresh and work my head at once ; and I feel that unless I had been here and been careful I could not have continued my labours . The consequence has been that last Monday I announced to our members at the Royal Institution another discovery , of which I will give you the pith . " Many years ago I worked upon optical glass , and made a vitreous compound of silica , boracic acid , and lead , which I will now call heavy glass . It was this substance that enabled me first to act upon light by magnetic and electric forces . Now , if a square bar of this substance , about half an inch thick and two inches long , be very freely suspended between the poles of a powerful horseshoe electromagnet , immediately that the magnetic force is developed , the bar points , but it does not point from pole to pole , but equatorially or across the magnetic lines of force , i. e. east and west in respect of the north and south poles . If it be moved from this position it returns to it , and this continues as long as the magnetic force is in action . This effect is the result of a still simpler action of the magnet on the bar than what appears by the experiment , and which may be obtained at a single magnetic pole . For if a cubical or rounded piece of the glass be suspended by a fine thread 6 or 8 feet long , and allowed to hang very near a strong magneto-electric pole ( not as yet made active ) , then , on rendering the pole magnetic , the glass will be repelled until the magnetism ceases . This effect and power I have worked out through a great number of its forms and strange consequences , and they will occupy two series of the 'Experimental Researches . ' It belongs to all matter ( not magnetic as iron ) without exception ; so that every substance belongs to one or the other class of magnetic or diamagnetic bodies . The law of action in its simplest form is that such matter tends to go from strong to weak points of magnetic force , and in doing this the substance will go in either direction along the magnetic curves , or in either direction across them . It is curious that amongst the metals are found bodies possessing this property in as high a degree as perhaps any other substance ; in fact I do not know at present whether heavy glass , or bismuth , or phosphorus is the most striking in this respect . " In July he went with Mrs. Faraday and Mr. G. Barnard to France for three weeks , partly to inspect the lighthouses at Fecamp , Havre , Harfleur , and Cap de la Haye . His chief object was to be received into the Academy . At the same time he gained all the information he could regarding French lighthouses from M. H. Le Ponte fand M. Fresnel . M. Dumas was his most constant companion in his visits to Chevreul , Milne-Edwards , Biot , Arago , the Well of Grenelle , and the water-works at Chaillot . On the 30th of July he went to the Institute . " Many of the members were gone out of town , but all that were there received me very kindly . I was glad to see Thenard , Dupuis , Flourens , Biot , Dumas of course , and Arago , Elie de Beaumont , Poinsot , Babinet , and a great many others whose names and faces sadly embarrassed my poor head and memory . Chatting together , Arago told me he was my senior , being born in 1786 , and consequently 59 years of age . " He finishes his journal thus:- " We left George at the London Bridge Station ; thanks be to him for all his kind care and attention on the journey , which is better worth remembering than anything else of all that which occurred in it . " He was made Corresponding Member of the National Institute , Washington , and of the Society d'Encouragement , Paris . Xt . 54 ( 1846 ) . Early in the year he gave a Friday discourse on the relation of Magnetism and Light , and another on the Magnetic Condition of Matter , and , later in the season , another on Wheatstone 's Electro-magnetic Chronoscope , at the end of which he said he was induced to utter a speculation long on his mind , and constantly gaining strength , viz . that perhaps those vibrations by which radiant agencies , such as light , heat , actinic influence , & c. , convey this force through space , are not vibrations of an ether , but of the lines of force which , in his view , equally connect the most distant masses together and make the smallest atoms or particles by their properties influential on each other and perceptible to us . A little later he sends these views to the Philosophical Magazine as thoughts on ray vibrations ; " but , from first to last , understand that I merely throw out , as matter for speculation , the vague impressions of my mind ; for I give nothing as the result of sufficient consideration or as the settled conviction , or even probable conclusion , at which I had arrived . " His last Friday discourse was on the Cohesive Force of Water . He reported to the Trinity House on drinking-water of the Smalls Lighthouse , and on a ventilation apparatus for rape-oil lamps . To the Secretary of the Institution , who consulted him regarding evening lectures , he said , " I see no objection to evening lectures if you can find a fit man to give them . As to popular lectures ( which at the same time are to be respectable and sound ) , none are more difficult to find . Lectures which really teach will never be popular ; lectures which are popular will never really teach . They know little of the matter who think science is more easily to be taught or learned than AB C ; and yet who ever learned his ABC without pain and trouble ? Still lectures can ( generally ) inform the mind and show forth to the attentive man what he really has to learn , and in their way are very useful , especially to the public . I think they might be useful to us now , even if they only gave an answer to those who , judging by their own earnest desire to learn , think much of them . As to agricultural chemistry , it is no doubt an excellent and a popular subject ; but I rather suspect that those who know least of it think that most is known about it . " He received both the Rumford and a Royal Medal , and was made Honorary Member of the Society of Sciences , Vaud . A/ t. 55 ( 1847 ) . He gave Friday discourses on the Combustion of Gunpowder ; on Mr. Barry 's mode of ventilating the New House of Lords ; and on the Steam-jet chiefly as a means of procuring ventilation . He reported to the Trinity House on the ventilation of the South Foreland lights , and on a proposal to light buoys by platinum wire ignited by electricity . He writes to the First Lord of the Admiralty from Edinburgh " For years past my health has been more and more affected ; and the place affected is my head . My medical advisers say it is from mental occupation . The result is loss of memory , confusion , and giddiness ; the sole remedy , cessation from such occupation and head rest . I have in consequence given up , for the last ten years or more , all professional occupation , and voluntarily resigned a large income that I might pursue in some degree my own objects of research . But in doing this I have always , as a good subject , held myself ready to assist the Government if still in my power not for pay , for , except in one instance ( and then only for the sake of the person joined with me ) , I refused to take it . I have had the honour and pleasure of applications , and that very recently , from the Admiralty , the Ordnance , the Home Office , the Woods and Forests , and other departments , all of which I have replied to , and will reply to as long as strength is left me ; and now it is to the condition under which I am obliged to do this that I am anxious to call your Lordship 's attention in the present case . I shall be most happy to give my advice and opinion in any case as may be at the time within my knowledge or power , but I may not undertake to enter into investigations or experiments . If I were in London I would wait upon your Lordship , and say all I could upon the subject of the disinfecting fluids , but I would not undertake the experimental investigation ; and in saying this I am sure that I shall have your sympathy and approbation when I state that it is now more than three weeks since I left London to obtain the benefit of change of air , and yet my giddiness is so little alleviated that I do n't feel in any degree confident that I shall ever be able to return to my recent occupations and duties . ' " To Professor Schonbein he writes , three months later " I shame to say that I have not yet repeated the experiments ( on ozone ) , but my head has been so giddy that my doctors have absolutely forbidden me the privilege and pleasure of working or thinking for a while ; and so I am constrained to go out of town , be a hermit , and take absolute rest . In thinking of my own case it makes me rejoice to know of your health and strength , and look on whilst you labour with a constancy so unremitting and so successful . " He was made Member of the Academy of Sciences , Bologna , Foreign Associate of the Royal Academy of Sciences , Belgium , Fellow of the Royal Bavarian Academy of Sciences , Munich , and Correspondent of the Academy of Natural Sciences , Philadelphia . Et . 56 ( 1848 ) . He this year communicated his twenty-second series of ' Researches ' as the Bakerian lecture . It was on the Crystalline Polarity of Bismuth ( and other bodies ) , and on its relation to the Magnetic form of Force . 1 . Crystalline Polarity of Bismuth ; 2 . Crystalline Polarity of Antimony ; 3 . Crystalline Polarity of Arsenic . The second part of this series on the same subject was ( 4 ) on the Crystalline Condition of various bodies , and ( 5 ) Nature of the Magnecrystallic Force , and general observations . " I cannot conclude this series of Researches , " he says , " without remarking how rapidly the knowledge of molecular forces grows upon us , and how strikingly every investigation tends to develope more and more their importance and their extreme attraction as an object of study . A few years ago magnetism was to us an occult power affecting only a few bodies ; now it is found to influence all bodies , and to possess the most intimate relations with electricity , heat , chemical action , light , crystallization , and , through it , with the forces concerned in cohesion ; and we may , in the present state of things , well feel urged to continue in our labours , encouraged by the hope of bringing it into a bond of union with gravity itself . " He gave three Friday discourses on the Diamagnetic Condition of Flame and Gases ; on two recent inventions of Artificial Stone ; and on the Conversion of Diamond into Coke by the Electric Flame . He was made Foreign Honorary Member ( one of eight ) of the Imperial Academy of Sciences , Vienna , and Doctor of Liberal Arts and Philosophy in the University of Prague . t. 57 ( 1849 ) . He gave two Friday discourses , one on Pliicker 's repulsion of the Optic Axes of Crystals by the Magnetic Poles ; and the other on De la Rue 's Envelope Machinery . He reported to the Trinity House on the ventilation of Flanmbro ' Head , Dungeness , Needles , and Portland Lighthouses . He was made Honorary Member , First Class , Institute Royale des PaysBas , and Foreign Correspondent of the Institute , Madrid . E(t . 58 ( 1850 ) . The twenty-third series of Researches in Electricity appeared , on the Polar or other Condition of Diamagnetic Bodies . The twenty-fourth series was the Bakerian lecture , on the possible relation of Gravity to Electricity . He finishes this paper , saying , " Here end my trials for the present . The results are negative ; they do not shake my strong feeling of the existence of a relation between gravity and electricity , though they give no proof that such a relation exists . " The twenty-fifth series was on the Magnetic and Diamagnetic Condition of Bodies : 1 . Non-expansion of Gaseous Bodies by Magnetic Force . 2 . Differential Magnetic Action . 3 . Magnetic characters of Oxygen , Nitrogen , and Space . The twenty-sixth series was on Magnetic Conducting-power:-1 . Magnetic Conduction . 2 . Conduction Polarity . 3 . Magnecrystallic Conduction . Atmospheric Magnetism:-1 . General principles . The twenty-seventh series was on Atmospheric Magnetism ( continued):-2 . Experimental inquiry into the Laws of Atmospheric Magnetic Action , and their application to particular cases . He gave a Friday discourse on the Electricity of the Air , and another on certain conditions of Freezing Water . He reported on the adulteration of whitelead for the Trinity House . To Prof. Schonbein he writes:-- " By-the-by , I have been working with the oxygen of the air also . You remember that three years ago I 
distinguished it as a magnetic gas in my paper on the diamagnetism of flame and gases , founded on Bancalari 's experiment . Now I find in it the cause of all the annual and diurnal and many of the irregular variations of the terrestrial magnetism . The observations made at Hobarton , Toronto , Greenwich , St. Petersburg , Washington , St. Helena , the Cape of Good Hope , and Singapore , all appear to me to accord with and support my hypothesis . I will not pretend to give you an account of it here , for it would require some detail , and I really am weary of the subject . " Later he writes:-- " I think I told you in my last how that oxygen in the atmosphere , which I pointed out three years ago in my paper on flame and gases as so very magnetic compared with other gases , is now to me the source of all the periodical variations of terrestrial magnetism , and so I rejoice to think and talk at the same time of your results , which deal also with that same atmospheric oxygen . What a wonderful body it is ! " Miss Martineau had said , on the authority of the Annual Register , that he countenanced the Acarus Crossii . Faraday corrects her:- " I hope you will forgive me for writing to you about this matter . I feel it a great honour to be borne on your remembrance , but I would not willingly be there in an erroneous point of view . " In the summer he was asked by a friend to stay in the country . He writes , August 24 , from Upper Norwood:- " I have kept your picture to look at for a day or two before I acknowledge your kindness in sending it . It gives the idea of a tempting place ; but what can you say to such persons as we are who eschew all the ordinary temptations of society ? There is one thing , however , society has which we do not eschew ; perhaps it is not very ordinary , though I have found a great deal of it , and that is kindness , and we both join most heartily in thanking you for it , even when we do not accept that which it offers . I must tell you how we are situated . We have taken a little house here on the hill-top , where I have a small room to myself , and have , ever since we came here , been deeply immersed in magnetic cogitations . I write and write and write until nearly three papers for the Royal Society are nearly completed , and I hope that two of them will be good if they justify my hopes , for I have to criticize them again and again before I let them loose . You shall hear of them at some of the Friday evenings ; at present I must not sav more . After writing I walk out in the evening , hand-in-hand , with my dear wife to enjoy the sunset ; for to me , who love scenery , of all that I have seen or can see , there is none surpasses that of Heaven : a glorious sunset brings with it a thousand thoughts that delight me . " Earlier the same friend asked him , for the first time , to dinner . He writes from Brighton:-- " Your note is a. very kind one , and very gratefully received ; I wish on some accounts that nature had given me habits more fitted to thank you properly for it by acceptance than those which really belong to me . In the present case , however , you will perceive that our being here supplies an answer ( something like a lawyer 's objection ) d without referring to the greater point of principle . I should have been very sorry in return for your kindness to say no to you on the other ground , and yet I fear I should have been constrained to do so . " At the end of the year he had another invitation from the Honourable Col. Grey . ' If you could make it convenient to come down to Windsor any afternoon in the course of next week , it would give HIis Royal Highness great satisfaction to have the opportunity of having some conversation with you on this interesting subject ( the magnetic properties of oxygen ) . " He was made Corresponding Associate of the Accademia Pontificia , Rome , and Foreign Associate of the Academy of Sciences , Haarlem . t. 59 ( 1851 ) . The twenty-eighth series of Researches were sent to the Royal Society on Lines of Magnetic Force , their definite character , and their distribution within a Magnet and through Space ; also the twenty-ninth series , on the employment of the Induced Magneto-electric Current as a test and measure of Magnetic Forces . He gave three Friday discourses on the Magnetic Characters and Relations of Oxygen and Nitrogen ; on Atmospheric Magnetism ; and on Schonbein 's Ozone . No work is recorded for the Trinity House . He was made Member of the Royal Academy of Sciences at the Hague , Corresponding Member of the Batavian Society of Experimental Philosophy , Rotterdam ; Fellow of the Royal Society of Sciences , Upsala ; a Juror of the Great Exhibition . This year closed the series of 'Experimental Researches in Electricity . ' It began in 1831 with the induction of electric currents , and his greatest discovery , the evolution of electricity from magnetism ; then it continued to terrestrial magneto-electric induction ; then to the identities of electricity from different sources ; then to conducting-power generally . Then came electrochemical decomposition ; then the electricity of the voltaic pile ; then the induction of a current on itself ; then static induction . Then the nature of the electric force or forces , and the character of the electric force in the Gymnotus . Then the source of power in the voltaic pile ; then the electricity evolved by friction of steam ; then the magnetization of light and the illumination of magnetic lines of force ; then new magnetic actions , and the magnetic condition of all matter ; then the crystalline polarity of bismuth , and its relation to the magnetic form of force ; then the possible relation of gravity to electricity ; then the magnetic and diamagnetic condition of bodies , including oxygen and nitrogen ; then atmospheric magnetism ; then the lines of magnetic force , and the employment of induced magneto-electric currents as their test and measure . The record of this work , which he has left in his manuscripts and republished in his three volumes from the papers in the Philosophical Transactions , will ever remain Faraday 's noblest monument--full of genius in the conception , full of finished and most accurate work in execution ; n quantity so vast that it seems impossible one man could have done so much ; and this will appear still more when it is remembered that Anderson 's help may be summed up in two words , blind obedience . The use of magneto-electricity in induction machines , in electrotyping , and in lighthouses are the most important practical applications of the 'Experimental Researches in Electricity ; ' but who can attempt to measure or imagine the stimulus and the assistance which these researches have given , and will give , to other investigators ? Lastly , if we look at the circumstances under which this work was done , we shall see that during the greater part of these twenty years the Royal Institution was kept alive by the innumerable Friday lectures which he gave at it . " We were living , " as he once said to the managers , " on the parings of our own skin . " He had no grant from the Royal Society , and during the whole of this time the fixed income which the Institution could afford to give him was ? 100 a year , to which the Fullerian professorship added nearly ? 100 more . By the 'Experimental Researches in Electricity , ' Faraday 's scientific life may be divided into three parts . The first lasted to 1830 , when he was thirty-eight ; the second , or " research period , " lasted to 1851 ; and the third and final period began in 1852 , and continued to his last report to the Trinity House ( in 1865 ) on the foci and descent of a beam of light 336 feet at St. Bees Lighthouse . , t. 60 ( 1852 ) . The first and last Friday discourses of the season were on Lines of Magnetic Force . In the Philosophical Magazine there was a long paper on the Physical Character of the Lines of Magnetic Force . lie begins with a note : - " The following paper contains so much of a speculative and hypothetical nature that I have thought it more fitted for the pages of the Philosophical Magazine than for those of the Philosophical Transactions ... . . " " The paper , as is evident , follows series xxviii . and xxix . , and depends much for its experimental support on the more strict results and conclusions contained in them . " IHe made many reports to the Trinity House , among others:-on adulterated white-lead ; on oil in iron tanks ; on impure olive-oils ; on the Caskets lighthouse . And the question of the use of Watson 's electric light was first moved by a letter of Dr. Watson to the Trinity House . In October he wrote a long letter to M. De la Rive . " ... Do not for a moment suppose I am unhappy . I am occasionally dull in spirits , but not unhappy . There is a hope which is an abundantly sufficient remedy for that ; and as that hope does not depend on ourselves , I am bold enough to rejoice in that I may have it . " I do not talk to you about philosophy , for I forget it all too fast to make it easy to talk about . When I have a thought worth sending you , it is in the shape of a paper before it is worth speaking of ; and after that it is astonishing how fast I forget it again ; so that I have to read up again and again my own recent communications , and may well fear that , as regards others , I do not do them justice . However , I try to avoid such subjects as other philosophers are working at , and for that reason have nothing important in hand just now . I have been working hard , but nothing of value has come of it . " Two months later he writes to Professor Schonbein from Brighton:"I am here sleeping , eating , and lying fallow , that I may have sufficient energy to give half a dozen juvenile Christmas lectures . The fact is , I have been working very hard for a long time to no satisfactory end . All the answers I have obtained from nature have been in the negative ; and though they show the truth of nature as much as affirmative answers , yet they are not so encouraging ; and so for the present I am quite worn out . I wish I possessed some of your points of character ; I will not say which , for I do not know where the list might end , and you might think me simply absurd , and , besides that , ungrateful to providence . " Xt . 61 ( 1853 ) . Early in the year he gave a Friday discourse on observations on the Magnetic Force , and he gave the last lecture of the season on MM . Boussingault , Fremy , and Becquerel 's experiments on oxygen . He gave five reports to the Trinity i-ouse-on a comparison of the French lens and Chance 's lens ; on the lightning-rods at Eddystone and Bishop 's Lighthouses ; on the ventilation of St. Catherine and the Needles Lighthouses , and that at Cromer ; and on fog-signals . A Company was formed to carry out Watson 's electric light , but no trial of it took place . In June he sent to the Athenaeum an experimental investigation of tablemoving . At the end he says , " I must bring this long description to a close . I am a little ashamed of it , for I think in the present age and in this part of the world it ought not to have been required . Nevertheless I hope it may be useful . There are many whom I do not expect to convince , but I may be allowed to say that I. cannot undertake to answer such objections as may be made . I state my own convictions as an experimental philosopher , and find it no more necessary to enter into controversy on this point than on any other in science ( as the nature of matter , or inertia , or the magnetization of light ) on which I may differ from others . The world will decide sooner or later in all such cases , and I have no doubt very soon and correctly in the present instance . " A month later he writes to Professor Schonbein : " I have not been at work except in turning the tables upon the tableturners . Nor should I have done that , but that so many inquiries poured in upon me that I thought it better to stop the inpouring flood by letting all know at once what my views and thoughts were . What a weak , credulous , incredulous , unbelieving , superstitious , bold , frightened , what a ridiculous world ours is as far as concerns the mind of man ! How full of inconsistencies , contradictions , and absurdities it is ! I declare that , taking the average of many minds that have recently come before me ( and apart from that spirit which God has placed in each ) , and accepting for a moment that average as a standard , I should far prefer the obedience , affections , and instinct of a dog before it . Do not whisper this , however , to others . There is One above who worketh in all things , and who governs even in the midst of that misrule to which the tendencies and powers of men are so easily perverted . " After this year , as Director of the Laboratory and Superintendent of the House , he received ? 300 from the Royal Institution . He was made Foreign Associate of the Royal Academy of Sciences , Turin , and Honorary Member of the Royal Society of Arts and Sciences , Mauritius..t . 62 ( 1854 ) . At the end of this year he sent a long paper to the Philosophical Magazine on some points of magnetic philosophy . He begins saying:-"Within the last three years I have been bold enough , though only as an experimentalist , to put forth new views of magnetic action in papers having for titles , ' On Lines of Magnetic Force , ' Phil . Trans. 1852 ; and 'On Physical Lines of Magnetic Force , ' Phil . Mag . 1862 . I propose to call the attention of experimenters in a somewhat desultory manner to the subject again , both as respects the deficiency of the present physical views and the possible existence of lines of physical force . " A course of lectures on education was given by different eminent men at the Royal Institution . Prince Albert came to Faraday 's " Observations of Mental Education " on the 6th of May . In reprinting them , he said , " They are so immediately connected in their nature and origin with my own experimental life , considered either as cause or consequence , that I have thought the close of this volume ( of Researches on Chemistry and Physics ) not an unfit place for their reproduction . " He ends his lecture by saying , " , My thoughts would flow back amongst the events and reflections of my past life , until I found nothing present itself but an open declarationalnost a confession as a means of performing the duty due to the subject and to you . " HIe gave two Friday discourses on Electric Induction , associated cases of Current and Static Effects ; and on Magnetic Hypotheses . The Parliamentary Committee of the British Association applied to him through Lord Wrottesley for his opinion whether any and what measures could be adopted by the Government or the Legislature to improve the position of science or of the cultivators of science in this country . He answers:-"I feel unfit to give a deliberate opinion . My course of life and the circumstances which make it a happy one for me are not those of persons who conform to the usages and habits of society . Through the kindness of all , from my Sovereign downwards , I have that which supplies all my need ; and in respect of honours , I have as a scientific man received from foreign countries and sovereigns those which , belonging to very limited and select classes , surpass in my opinion anything that it is in the power of my own to bestow . " I cannot say that I have not valued such distinctions ; on the contrary , I esteem them very highly , but I do not think I have ever worked for or sought them . Even were such to be now created here , the time is passed when these would possess any attraction for me , and you will see therefore how unfit I am , upon the strength of any personal motive or feeling , to judge of what might be influential upon the minds of others . Nevertheless I will make one or two remarks which have often occurred to my mind..A Government should , for its own sake , honour the men who do honour and*service to the country . The aristocracy of the class should have distinctions which should be unattainable except to that of science . But , besides , the Government should , in the very many cases which come before it having a relation to scientific knowledge , employ men who pursue science , provided they are also men of business . This is perhaps now done to some extent , but to nothing like the degree which is practicable with advantage to all parties . The right means cannot have occurred to a Government which has not yet learned to approach and distinguish the class as a whole . " He sent five reports to the Trinity House , one of which , in two parts , was on Dr. Watson 's electric light ( voltaic ) , and on Prof. Holmes 's electric light ( magneto-electric ) . The conclusion was that he could not recommend the electric light , that it had better be tried for other than lighthouse uses first . To Dr. Watson he wrote that he " could not put up in a lighthouse what has not been perfectly established beforehand , and is only experimental . " He was made Corresponding Associate of the Royal Academy of Sciences , Naples . mt . 63 ( 1855 ) . His first Friday discourse was on some Points of Magnetic Philosophy and on Gravity . Later he gave a discourse on Electric Conduction ; and another on Ruhmkorff 's Induction-apparatus . For the Trinity House he only went to Birmingham to examine some apparatus of Chance 's . This year , on the application of his friend M. Dumas , he was made Commander of the Legion of Honour , and received the Grand Medal of Honour of the French Exhibition for his discoveries . He was made Honorary Member of the Imperial Society of Naturalists , Moscow , and Corresponding Associate of the Imperial Institute of Sciences of Lombardy . Et . 64 ( 1856 ) . This year he sent to the Royal Society his last paper , Experimental Relations of Gold ( and other metals ) to Light . It was read as the Bakerian lecture early the following year . " At one time I had hoped that I had altered one coloured ray into another by means of gold , which would have been equivalent to a change in the number of undulations ; and though I have not confirmed that result as yet , still those I have obtained seem to me to present a useful experimental entrance into certain physical investigations respecting the nature and action of a ray of light . I do not pretend that they are of great value in their present state , but they are very suggestive , and they may save much trouble to any experimentalist inclined to pursue and extend this line of investigation . " He gave two Friday discourses , the first on certain magnetic actions and affections ; and the second on M. Petitjean 's process for silvering glass , and some observations on divided gold . He gave five reports to the Trinity House , and he entered into an engagement regarding the Board of Trade Lighthouses , and made four reports , two on Cape Race Lighthouse , and one on Dr. Normandy 's distilled water-apparatus . He was made Corresponding Member of the Netherland Society of Sciences , Batavia , and Member of the Imperial Royal Institute of Padua . Et . 65 ( 1857 ) . Two Friday discourses were given , the first on the Conservation of Force , and the second on the relations of Gold to Light . " Various circumstances , " he begins , " induce me at the present moment to put forth a consideration regarding the conservation of force ... . There is no question which lies closer to the root of all physical knowledge than that which inquires whether force can be destroyed or not . Agreeing with those who admit the conservation of force to be a principle in physics as large and sure as that of the indestructibility of matter , or the invariability of gravity , I think that no particular idea of force has a right to unlimited and unqualified acceptance that does not include assent to it ... Supposing the truth of the principle is assented to , I come to its uses . No hypothesis should be admitted nor any assertion of a fact credited that denies the principle. . The received idea of gravity appears to me to ignore entirely the principle of the conservation of force , and by the terms of its definition , if taken in an absolute sense , ' varying inversely as the square of the distance , ' to be in direct opposition to it . " To Mr. Barlow he writes : " I am in town , and at work more or less every day . My memory wearies me greatly in working ; for I cannot remember from day to day the conclusions I come to , and all has to be thought out many times over . To write it down gives no assistance , for what is written down , is itself forgotten . It is only by very slow degrees that this state of mental muddiness can be wrought either through or under ; nevertheless I know that to work somewhat , is far better than to stand still , even if nothing comes of it . It is better for the mind itself not being quite sure whether I shall ever end the research , and yet being sure that , if in my former state of memory , I could work it out in a week or two to a successful result . " He gave six reports to the Trinity House . The most important was on Holmes 's magneto-electric light , which was put up at Blackwall , and observed from Woolwich , and compared with a Fresnel lamp in the centre of Bishop 's lens , and also in the focus of a parabolic reflector . He critically examined the cost of the apparatus , the price of the light , the suppositions regarding its intensity and advantages , and the proposition to put one up in a lighthouse . He agreed to its being tried at the South Foreland . He was made Member of the Institute of Breslau , Corresponding Associate of Institute of Sciences , Venice , and Member of the Imperial Academy , Breslau . , t. 66 ( 1858 ) . He wrote a short paper on Regelation , which he sent with a letter to Dr. Tyndall on Ice of irregular fusibility . These were printed in Dr. Tyndall 's paper on some Physical Properties of Ice in the Philosophical Transactions for this year . He gave two Friday discourses . The first was remarks on Static Induction ; and the other on Wheatstone 's Electric Telegraph in relation to Science ( being an argument in favour of the full recognition of science as a branch of education ) . This year Prince Albert offered him a house on Hampton Court Green . It required repair , and he doubted whether he could afford to do it up . He writes to a niece : The case is settled . The Queen has desired me to dismiss all thoughts of the repairs , as the house is to be put into thorough repair both inside and out . The letter from Sir C. Phipps is most kind . " To Sir C. Phipps he writes:"I find it difficult to write my thanks or express my sense of the gratitude I owe to Her Majesty ; first , for the extreme kindness which is offered to me in the use of the house at Hampton Court , but far more for that condescension and consideration which , in respect of personal rest and health , was the moving clause of the offer . I feared that I might not be able properly to accept Her Majesty 's most gracious favour . I would not bring myself to decline so honourable an offer , and yet I was constrained carefully to consider whether its acceptance was consistent with my own particular and peculiar circumstances . The enlargement of Her Majesty 's favour has removed all difficulty . I accept with deep gratitude , and I hope that you will help me to express fitly to Her Majesty my thanks and feelings on this occasion . " To M. De la hive he thus writes on the death of Mrs. Marcet:"Your subject interested me deeply every way , for Mrs. Marcet was a good friend to me , as she must have been to many of the human race . I entered the shop of a bookseller and bookbinder at the age of 13 in the year 1804 , remained there eight years , and during the chief part of the time bound books . Now it was in those books in the hours after work that I found the beginning of my philosophy . There were two that especially helped me , the 'Encyclopae lia Britannica , ' from which I gained my first notions of electricity , and Mrs. Marcet 's Conversations on Chemistry , ' which gave me my foundation in that science . t " Do not suppose that I was a very deep thinker , or was marked as a precocious person . I was a very lively , imaginative person , and could believe in the Arabian Nights as easily as in the Encyclopaedia ; but facts were important to me and saved me . I could trust a fact , and always cross-examined an assertion . So when I questioned Mrs. Marcet 's book by such little experiments as I could find means to perform , and found it true to the facts as I could understand them , I felt that I had got hold of an anchor in chemical knowledge , and clung fast to it . Thence my deep veneration for Mrs. Marcet : first , as one who had conferred great personal good and pleasure on me , and then as one able to convey the truth and principle of those boundless fields of knowledge which concern natural things to the young , untaught , and inquiring mind . 'You may imagine my delight when I came to know Mrs. Marcet personally ; how often I cast my thoughts backwards , delighting to connect the past and the present ; how often , when sending a paper to her as a thank-offering , I thought of my first instructress ; and such like thoughts will remain with me . " I have some such thoughts even as regards your own father , who was , I may say , the first who personally , at Geneva , and afterwards by correspondence , encouraged , and by that sustained me . " HIe made twelve reports to the Trinity House . The most important was on the electric light at the South Foreland . lie went there , with a Committee of the Trinity House , to see it from sea and land . The light was in the centre of the Fresnel apparatus , in the upper light , as a fixed light , and so comparable with the lower fixed light , which consisted of oil-lamps in reflectors . They went to the Varne light-ship . The upper was generally inferior to the lower light . Next morning they went to the lighthouse , and examined it by day and also at night . He was made Corresponding Member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences , Pesth . , t. 67 ( 1859 ) . He gave two Friday discourses on Schonbein 's Ozone and Antozone ; and on Phosphorescence , Fluorescence , & c. He sent eleven reports to the Trinity House , and one to the Board of Trade . On the 28th of March , the magneto-electric light was again exhibited at the South Foreland . On the 20th of April he went to sea to examine it . " The upper light , " he says , " is far superior to the lower light ; the electric light very fine . " He visited the lighthouse ; he found new lamps by Duboscq , and silvered reflectors behind . He writes:-"As a light unexceptionable ; as electric light wonderful " He had before drawn up instructions to lighthouse keepers and pilot cutters ; and on the 29th of April he reports the sufficiency of the light as established . He reported this year on Way 's mercurial electric light ; the one advantage it had was that the place of the light was unchangeable . He was one of a Commission appointed to consider the subject of lighting public galleries by gas ; and he reported favourably on the experimental attempt at the Sheepshanks Gallery . To Mr. Barlow he writes from Hampton Court:- " As I have been out here with only runs into town , I really know very little of what is going on there , and what I learn I forget . The Senate of the University accepted and approved of the report of the Committee for Scientific Degrees ; so that that will go forward ( if the Government approve ) , and will come into work next year . It seems to give much satisfaction to all who have seen it , though the subject is beset with difficulties ; for when the depth and breadth of science came to be considered , and an estimate was made of how much a man ought to know to obtain a right to a degree in it , the amount in words seemed to be so enormous as to make me hesitate in demanding it from the student ; and though in the D.S. one could divide the matter and claim eminence in one branch of science rather than good general knowledge in all , still in the B.S. , which is a progressive degree , a more extended , though a more superficial acquaintance seemed to be required . In fact the matter is so new , and there is so little that can serve as previous experience in the founding and arranging these degrees , that one must leave the whole endeavour to shape itself as the practice and experience accumulates . " . 68 ( 1860 ) . He gave two Friday discourses on Lighthouse Illumination by the Electric Light ; and on the Electric Silk-loom . He gave eleven reports to the Trinity House , and he examined three Red-Sea lighthouses for the Board of Trade . On the 13th of February he went to Dover , but was prevented by snow from reaching the lighthouse ; on the 17th he tried again , and on the 28th he gave his final report on the practicability and utility of the magneto-electric light . He says , " Hope it will be applied . " On the 14th of March the magneto-electric light was proposed for Dungeness . On the 21st he gives his reply , and says there is no difficulty . He was appointed with Sir Roderick Murchison to report upon the means of preserving the stonework of the new Palace at Westminster . At Christmas he gave his last course of juvenile lectures on the chemical history of a candle . He was made Foreign Associate of the Academy of Sciences , Pesth , and Honorary Member of the Philosophical Society of Glasgow . He resumed the office of Elder in his Church the autumn , and in little more than three years and a half he finally resigned it . 69 ( 1861 ) . He gave Friday discourses on Platinum , and on Warren De La Rue 's Photographic Eclipse results . He gave ten reports to the Trinity House . The most important work was a visit on 31st of October to Dungeness , to see the new magneto-electric lamps , the machines , and the steam-engines . He drew up forms of observations to be made at Dungeness , at other lighthouses , and by the pilot cutters . To Prof. Schonbein he writes:- " You really startle me with your independent antozone ... . Surely you must hold it in your hand like a little struggler ; for , if I understand you rightly , it must be a far more abundant body than caesium . For the hold you have already obtained over it I congratulate you , as I would do if you had obtained a crown , and more than for a new metal . But surely these wonderful conditions of existence cannot be confined to oxygen alone . I am waiting to hear that you have discovered like parallel states with iodine , or bromine , or hydrogen , and nitrogen-what of nitrogen ? is not its apparent quiet simplicity of action all a sham ? not a sham , indeed ; but still not the only state in which it can exist . If the compounds which a body can form show something of the state and powers it may have when isolated , then what should nitrogen be in its separate state ? You see I do not work ; I cannot ; but I fancy , and stuff my letters with such fancies ( not a fit return ) to you . " In another letter he says , " I am still dull , stupefied , and forgetful . I wish a discovery would turn up with me , that I might answer you in a decent , respectable way ; but it will not . " Still later he says:- " I look forward to your new results with great interest ; but I am becoming more and more timid when I strive to collate hypotheses relating to the chemical constitution of matter . I cannot help thinking sometimes whether there is not some state or condition of which our present notions give us very little idea , and which yet would reveal to us a flood , a world of real knowledge , a world of facts available both by practical application and their illustrations of first principles ; and yet I cannot shape the idea into a definite form , or reach it by any trial facts that I can devise ; and that being the case , I drop the attempt and imagine that all the preceding thought has just been a dreaminess and no more ; and so there is an end of it . " In October he wrote to the Managers of the Institution " It is with the deepest feeling that I address you . I entered the Royal Institution in March 1813 , nearly forty-nine years ago , and , with exception of a comparatively short period , during which I was abroad on the continent with Sir H. Davy , have been with you ever since . During that time I have been most happy in your kindness , and in the fostering care which the Royal Institution has bestowed upon me . Thank God , first , for all his gifts . I have next to thank you and your predecessors for the unswerving encouragement and support which you have given me during that period . My life has been a happy one , and all I desired . During its progress I have tried to make a fitting return for it to the Royal Institution , and through it to science . But the progress of years ( now amounting in number to threescore and ten ) having brought forth first the period of development , and then that of maturity , have ultimately produced for me that of gentle decay . This has taken place in such a manner as to make the evening of life a blessing ; for whilst increasing physical weakness occurs , a full share of health free from pain is granted with it , and whilst memory and certain other faculties of the mind diminish , nay good spirits and cheerfulness do not diminish with them . " Still I am not able to do as I have done . I am not competent to perform as I wish the delightful duty of teaching in the Theatre of the Royal Institution , and I now ask you ( in consideration for me ) to accept my resignation of the juvenile lectures . Being unwilling to give up what has always been so kindly received and so pleasant to myself , I have tried the faculties essential for their delivery , and I know that I ought to retreat ; for the attempt to realize ( in those trials ) the necessary points brings with it weariness , giddiness , fear of failure , and the full conviction that it is time to retire ; I desire therefore to lay down this duty . I may truly say that such has been the pleasure of the occupation to me , that my regret must be greater than yours need or can be . " And this reminds me that I ought to place in your hands the whole of my occupation . It is no doubt true that the juvenile lectures , not being included in my engagement as professor , were when delivered by me undertaken as an extra duty , and remunerated by an extra payment . The duty of research , superintendence of the house , and of other services still remains ; but I may well believe that the natural change which incapacitates me from lecturing , may also make me unfit for some of these . In such respects , however , I will leave you to judge , and to say whether it is your wish that I should still remain as part of the Royal Institution . I am , gentlemen , with all my heart , your faithful and devoted servant . " Shortly afterwards he wrote to the Secretary:-c " You know my feelings , in regard to the exceedingly kind manner in which the Board of Managers received my letter , and you therefore can best convey to them my deep thanks on this occasion . Please do this for me . Nothing would make me happier in the things of this life than to make some scientific discovery or development , and by that to justify the Board in their desire to retain me in my position here . " Sir Emerson Tennant wished Mr. Faraday to witness the phenomena produced by Mr. Home . Mr. Faraday says , in his reply , " You will see that I consent to all this with much reserve and only for your sake . " Three days afterwards Sir E. Tennant says , " As Mr. Home 's wife is dying , the probability is that the meeting , at which I wished you to be present , on the 24th may not take place . From the same cause I am unable to see Mr. Home previously , or to make the inquiries of himself necessary to satisfy the queries in your letter . " He was made Honorary Member of the Medical Society of Edinburgh . AEt . 70 ( 1862 ) . On the 20th of June he gave his last Friday discourse , on Gas furnaces . He gave seventeen reports to the Trinity House , and two to the Board of Trade . The most important of the Trinity House reports were still on the magneto-electric light . On the 12th of February he went to Dungeness , examined the engine-room , the machines , the lanthorn , the lamps , and the photometric effects . The keepers he examined , and found them not intelligent enough . At night he went to sea , testing at five miles off the effects of oil-lamp reflectors and the electric light , Prof. Holmes himself being in charge of the lamps for the trials . Then he went to the Varne floating-light , and compared Dungeness , Grisnez , and the South Foreland lights . In the morning he went to Dover to examine the upper South Foreland new hydrostatic lamp ; and , in the course of the year , the different observations made at South Foreland , Varne , Dungeness , and the pilot-cutters had to be considered and reported on . The House of Commons this year called for copies of his reports on the magneto-electric light to be printed . At the International Exhibition he saw Berlio 's magnetoelectric machine and light , and he reported on the construction of it . This year he was examined at great length by the Public School Corn missioners . His most important answers were these " that the natural knowledge which had been given to the world in such abundance during the last fifty years , I may say , should remain untouched , and that no sufficient attempt should be made to convey it to the young mind , growing up and obtaining its first views of these things , is to me a matter so strange that I find it difficult to understand ; though I think I see the opposition breaking away , it is yet a very hard one to be overcome . That it ought to be overcome I have not the least doubt in the world . " In answer to the question at what age it might be serviceable to introduce the physical sciences , he says , " I think one can hardly tell that until after experience for some few years . All I can say is this , that at my Juvenile Lectures , at Christmas time , I have never found a child too young to understand intelligently what I told him : they came to me afterwards with questions which proved their capability . " Again he says , " I do think that the study of natural science is so glorious a school for the mind , that with the laws impressed on all created things by the Creator , and the wonderful unity and stability of matter and the forces of matter , there cannot be a better school for the education of the mind . " In September he wrote his last letter to Prof. Schonbein ; he says , " Again and again I tear up my letters , for I write nonsense . I cannot spell or write a line continuously . Whether I shall recover this confusion , do not know . I will not write any more . My love to you . " The Duke of Devonshire at his installation would have the University of Cambridge confer the degree of LL . D. on Faraday . He was also made Knight Commander of the Order of St. Maurice and Lazarus , Italy . At . 71(1863 ) . lie made twelve reports to the Trinity House . In February he was again at Dungeness examining a new optic apparatus , and comparing the reflectors with the electric light , and new and old apparatus . I-e reported on the observations regarding the magneto-electric light , and on a French application to the Board of Trade about the magneto-electric light . To the Registrar of the London University he wrote:- " Many of your recent summonses have brought so vividly to my mind the progress of time in taking from me the power of obeying their call , that I have at last resolved to ask you to lay before the Senate my desire to relinquish my station and render up that trust of duty which I can no longer perform with satisfaction either to myself or to others . 1 The position of a Senator is one that should not be held by an inactive man to the exclusion of an active one . It has rejoiced my heart to see the progress of the University and of education under its influence and power ; and that delight I hope to have so long as life shall be spared to me . " He was made Foreign Associate of the Imperial Academy of Medicine , Paris . Et . 72 ( 1864 ) . Twelve reports were made between January and October to the Trinity House . One was on a new magneto-electric machine ; another on drawings , proposals , and estimates for the magneto-electric light at Portland . He made seven examinations of white and red leads , and two examinations of waters from Orfordness and the Fog-gun station , Lundy Island ; and he reported on two 4th-order lights for the River Gambia . He replied to an invitation of the Messrs. Davenport:- " I am obliged by your courteous invitation ; but really I have been so disappointed by the manifestations to which my notice has at different times been called , that I am not encouraged to give any more attention to them , and therefore I leave these to which you refer in the hands of the Professors of Legerdemain . If spirit communications , not utterly worthless , should happen to start into activity , I will leave the spirits to find out for themselves how they can move my attention . I am tired of them . " A few weeks later he replied to another different invitation:"Whenever the spirits can counteract gravity or originate motion , or supply an action due to natural physical force , counteract any such action , whenever they can pinch or prick me , or affect my sense of feeling or any other sense , or in any other way act on me without my waiting on them , or , working in the light , can show me a hand , either writing or not , or in any way make themselves visibly manifest to me--whenever these things are done , or anything which a conjuror cannot do better , or , rising to higher proofs , whenever the spirits describe their own nature , and , like honest spirits , say what they can do , or pretending , as their supporters do , that they can act on ordinary matter whenever they initiate action , and so make themselves manifest , whenever by such-like signs they come to me and ask my attention to them , I will give it . But until some of these things be done , I have no more time to spare for them or their believers , or for correspondence about them . " At the end of the year he was asked by Mr. Cole to be a Vice-President of the Albert Hall . He replied:- " I have just returned from Brighton , to which place my doctor had sent me under nursing care . Hence the delay in answering your letter , for I was unaware of it until my return . Now , as to my acceptance of the honour you propose to me . With my rapidly failing faculties , ought I to accept it ? You shall decide . Remember that I was obliged to decline lecturing before Her Majesty and the Royal Family at Osborne ; that I have declined and am declining the Presidency of the Royal Society , the Royal Institution , and other bodies ; declaring myself unfit to undertake any responsibility or duty even in the smallest degree . Would it not therefore be inconsistent to allow my name to appear amongst those of the effectual men who delight , as I should have done under other circumstances , to honour in every way the memory of our most gracious and regretted leader ? These are my difficulties . It is only the name and the remembrance of His Royal Highness which would have moved me from a long-taken resolution . " Mr. Cole decided , " without a moment 's doubt , " that he was to be a Vice-President . To a friend lie writes:- " I find myself less and less fit for communication with society , even in a meeting of family--brothers and sisters . I cannot keep pace in recollection with the conversation , and so have to sit silent and taciturn . Feeling this condition of things , I keep myself out of the way of making an exposure of myself . " He was made Foreign Associate of the Ioyal Academy of ' Sciences , Naples . Et . 73 ( 1865 ) . He made his last report for the Trinity House in May this year on St. Bees Light . He wrote to the Deputy Master:-"I write to put myself plainly before you in respect of the matter about which I called two days ago . At the request of the then Deputy Master I joined ' the Trinity House in February 1836 , now near upon thirty years since . I find that time has had its usual effect upon me , and that I have lost the power of remembering and also of other sorts , and I desire to relieve my mind . Can this be done without my retiring altogether , and can you help me in this matter ? " In looking back to his work for the Trinity House , going down to analyses of cottons , oils , paints , and waters , and recalling his words " that 2200 a year is quite enough in itself , but not if it is to be the indicator of the character of the appointment , " one is rejoiced to find that he received the highest reward which the scientific man can obtain . After himself testing the results by the most complete and searching trials , he was able to recommend that his own grandest discovery should be applied to " the great object of guiding the mariner across the dark and dreary waste of waters . " To the Managers of the Royal Institution he wrote , March 1 " Unless it be that as I get older I become more infirm in mind , and consequently more timid and unsteady , and so less confident in your warm expressions , I might , I think , trust more surely in your resolution of the 2nd of December , 1861 , and in the reiterated verbal assurances of your kind Secretary than I do ; but I become from year to year more shaken in mind , and feel less able to take any responsibility on me . I wish , therefore , to retire from the position of Superintendent of the house and laboratories . That which has in times past been my chiefest pleasure has now become a very great anxiety ; and I feel a growing inability to advise on the policy of the Institution , or to be the one referred to on questions both great and small as to the management of the house . " In a former letter , when laying down the juvenile lectures , I mentioned 'that other duties , such as research , superintendence of the house , and other services still remain ; ' but I then feared that I might be found unfit for them ; I am now persuaded that this is the case . If under these circumstances you may think that with the resignation of the positions I have thus far filled the rooms I occupy should be at liberty , I trust that you will feel no difficulty in letting me leave them ; for the good of the Institution is my chief desire in the whole of this action . Permit me to sign myself personally , your dear , indebted , and grateful friend . " " Resolved unanimously"That the Managers thank Professor Faraday for the scrupulous anxiety which he has now and ever shown to act in every respect for the good of the Royal Institution . They are most unwilling that he should feel that the cares of the laboratories and the house weigh upon him . They beg that he will undertake only so much of the care of the house as may be agreeable to himself , and that whilst relinquishing the duties of 'Director of the laboratory , ' he will retain his home at the Royal Institution . " Sir David Brewster sent him a pamphlet on the Invention and Introduction of the Dioptric Lights , and asked him to give his opinion on the value and importance of these lights . He replied:- " ... . I would rather not enter as an arbitrator or judge into the matter , for I have of late been resigning all my functions as one incompetent to take up such matters , and the Royal Institution as well as the Trinity House have so far accepted them as to set me free from all anxiety of thought in respect to them . In fact my memory is gone , and I am obliged to refrain from reading argumentative matter or from judging of it . I am very thankful for their tenderness in the matter ; and if it please Providence to continue me a year or two in this life , I hope to bear the decree patiently . My time for contending for temporal honours is at an end , whether it be for myself or others . " In the fine summer at Hampton Court he sat in his window delighting in the clouds and the holiday-people on the green . A friend from London asked how he was . " Just waiting , " he replied . This he more fully said in a note . " I bow before him who is Lord of all , and hope to keep waiting patiently for His time and mode of releasing me according to His divine word , and the great and precious promises whereby His people are made partakers of the divine nature . " To Sir James South , who wished to have some account of Anderson 's services , Faraday wrote:- " Whilst endeavouring to fulfil your wishes in relation to my old companion , Mr , Anderson , I think I cannot do better than accompany some notes which he has himself drawn up and had printed , by some remarks of mine , which will show how and how long he has been engaged here . " He came to assist in the glass house for the service of science in September 1827 , where he remained working until about 1830 . Then for a while he was retained by myself . In 1832 he was in the service of the Royal Institution , and paid by it . From that time to the present he has remained with that body , and has obtained their constant approbation . In January 1842 they raised his pay to ? 100 per annum with praise . In 1847 they raised it in like manner to ? 110 . For the same reason in 1853 they raised it to ? 120 ; and in 1860 , in a minute , of which I think Mr. Anderson has no copy , they say that , in consideration of his now lengthened services and the diligence exhibited by him , they are of opinion that his salary should be raised to ? 130 . " Mr. Anderson still remains with us , and is in character what he has ever been . Ile and I are companions in years and in work and in the Royal Institution . Mr. Brande 's testimony when he left the Institution is to the same purport as the others . Mr. Anderson was 75 years of age on the 12th of last month ( January ) . He is a widower , but has a daughter keeping his house for him . We wish him not to come to the Royal Institution , save when he is well enough to make it a pleasure ; but he seems to be happy being so employed . " At . 74 ( 1866 ) . Early in January Anderson died . Sir James South wished some monument to be put up to him , and wrote to Faraday . He replied : ( e " My dear old friend , I would fain write to you , but , indeed , write to no one , and have now a burn on the fingers of my right hand which adds to my trouble ; so that I still use my dear J. 's hand as one better than my own , and fear I give her great work by so doing . She has , I understand , written to you this morning , and told you how averse I am to meddling with sepulchral honours in any case . I shall mention your good will to Anderson " ' [ here Faraday took the pen , because his niece made some objection to the words " mention the good will to Anderson , " who was dead ] ; " but I tell them what are my feelings . I have told several what may be my own desire ; to have a plain simple funeral , attended by none but my own relatives , followed by a gravestone of the most ordinary kind , in the simplest earthly place . " As death draws nigh to old men or people , this world disappears , or should become of little importance . It is so with me ; but I cannot say it simply to others [ here he stopped his writing , and his niece finished the note ] , for I cannot write it as I would . Yours , ? dear old friend , whilst permitted . " The Society of Arts this summer gave him a medal for his scientific discoveries . During the winter he became very feeble in all muscular power . Almost the last interest he showed in scientific things was in a Holtz electric machine . In the spring , for a short time , with decreasing power , there was at times wandering of mind . One day he fancied he had made some disco . very somehow related to Pasteur 's dextroand laevo-racemic acid . He desired the traces of it to be carefully preserved , for " it might be a glorious discovery . " His loss of power became more and more plain during the summer and autumn and winter : all the actions of the body were carried on with difficulty ; he was scarcely able to move ; but his mind continually overflowed with the consciousness of the affectionate care of those dearest to him . At . 75 ( 1867 ) . At times he could hardly speak a word , and with difficulty swallow a mouthful . In the spring he went to Hampton Court . Gradually he became more and more torpid , and on the 25th of August he died there . He said of himself , " In early life I was a very lively imaginative person , who could believe in the Arabian Nights as easily as in the Encyclopaedia . But facts were important to me and saved me . I could trust a fact . " And so afterwards this blacksmith 's son from Jacob 's Well Mews , full of inborn religion , and gentleness , genius , and energy , searched for and trusted to facts in his experimental researches , and thus left to science a monument of himself that may be compared even to that of Newton . I- . B. J. On the 11th of December , 1781 , at Jedburgh , was born DAVID BREWSTER , who , having made a telescope when only 10 years of age , and having entered on his university course at 12 , devoted one of the longest of lives to discoveries in optics , and at last , laden with academic and scientific honours , sank peacefully to rest on the 10th of February , 1868 . He was one of four brothers , all educated for the Church of Scotland , and he advanced to the position of a licentiate ; but a certain nervousness in speaking and delicacy of health , combined with an overpowering love for scientific pursuits , led him to decline a good presentation , and to abandon the clerical profession for that of an expounder of natural philosophy . Thus he entered on a career of investigation and literary work which for magnitude , as well as importance , has rarely been rivalled . As an editor , he commenced in 1808 a work so large that it occupied him for twenty-two years the Edinburgh Encyclopaedia ; and in the mean time he began with Professor Jameson the Edinburgh Philosophical Journal , and subsequently the Edinburgh Journal of Science ; and from 1832 he was one of the editors of the Philosophical Magazine . Throughout his connexion with these periodicals he was a frequent contributor of original articles to their pages , and he continued to the last to write for the North British and other Reviews in a style so polished and so vigorous , that multitudes learnt from him the actual state of scientific questions who would never have read a merely learned dissertation . But his fame rests not so much on this literary work as on his original researches , which were so numerous that the ' Catalogue of Scientific Papers ' now being published by the Royal Society contains the titles of 299 papers by him , besides five in which his name is conjoined with those of other investigators . And these researches , though principally connected with the phenomena of light , spread over many other departments of human knowledge . Nor were Brewster 's labours for the advancement of science confined to the laboratory and the desk . In 1821 he founded the Scottish Society of Arts , and in 1831 he was one of the small party of friends who instituted the British Association , in the meetings of which he usually took a prominent part . During this time honours steadily flowed in upon him . He was made an honorary M.A. of Edinburgh in 1800 , and seven years afterwards an honorary LL . D. of Aberdeen . From 1838 to 1859 he was Principal of the United Colleges of St. Salvador and St. Leonard 's at the University of St. Andrews ; and for the last eight years of his life he held the same important office in the leading University of Scotland . Having been chosen a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1808 , Sir David acted for a long time as its Secretary , and he was President at the time of his death . In 1815 he obtained both the Copley Medal and the Fellowship of our Society ; and this was followed three years afterwards by the Rumford Medal , and subsequently by one of the Royal Medals ; and , singularly enough , in each case for discoveries concerning the Polarization of Light . In 1816 the French Institute awarded him a pecuniary prize , and nine years afterwards he became a Corresponding Member of that body ; while in 1849 there was conferred upon him the distinguished honour of being chosen one of the eight Foreign Associates of the Academy of Sciences . It would be tedious to enumerate his other honours from learned bodies at home and abroad ; suffice it to add that he was made a Chevalier of the Prussian Order of Merit , and was knighted by his sovereign in 1832 . Sir David was twice married : first to the daughter of James Macpherson , M.P. , of Belleville , the translator of Ossian , and afterwards to Jane Kirk , second daughter of the late Thomas Purnell , Esq . , of Scarborough . To give any adequate idea of the discoveries made known in those scientific papers which Sir David Brewster published every two or three months for sixty years , would be a task of gigantic magnitude . There seem to be thirty papers by him in our Transactions , principally in the earlier part of his career , and , with two exceptions , they are all on optical subjects . In 1813 he commenced with a communication " On some Properties of Light , " and in the two succeeding years our Society published for him no less than nine papers-on the polarization of light by oblique transmission , by its passage through unannealed glass , by simple pressure , or by reflection , and on the optical properties of mother-o'-pearl , on calcareous spar . The phenomena of double refraction were indeed treated of in several subsequent papers ; but there is a gap between 1819 and 1829 , when he wrote on the periodical colours produced by grooved surfaces , investigated elliptic polarization by metals , and reverted to the optical nature of the crystalline lens . Two papers , one on the Diamond and the other on the Colours of Thin Plates , terminate this series in 1841 ; and the only paper he afterwards sent to our Transactions was one in conjunction with Dr. Gladstone on the Lines of the Solar Spectrum . But there seems never to have been any long intermission in his researches on light ; for he was constantly sending communications on this subject to the Royal Society of Edinburgh or some other learned body , or to the various scientific serials with which he was connected . Thus in the first Number of the Edinburgh Philosophical Journal we find two papers from his pen , the first on new optical and mineralogical structure exhibited in certain specimens of Apophyllite and other minerals , the second on the Phosphorescence of Minerals . It was as a laborious observer and ingenious experimenter that he excelled ; he cared rather to collect a multitude of facts than to deduce from them general laws . Wonderful proofs of perseverance are his Tables of refractive indices , of dispersive powers , and of the polarizing angles of various reflecting bodies ; and he seems to have submitted to optical examination every mineral that came in his way . Frequently one of these substances would form the subject of a monograph , as diamond , or amber , the double cyanide of platinum and magnesium , the felspar of Labrador with its changeable tints , or Glauberite with its one axis of double refraction for the violet , and two axes for the red ray . The prismatic spectrum arrested his attention , and in 1834 he announced the absorption of certain rays by the earth 's atmosphere , and by nitrous gas ; while eight years afterwards he pointed out the existence of luminous lines in certain flames corresponding to those defective in the light of the sun ; but he missed the beautiful explanation of Kirchhoff . He also investigated the phenomena of diffraction and dichroism , and of late years exhibited to the British Association the tints of a soap-bubble , or of decomposing glass rendered still more lively by being viewed through a microscope . Indeed his last legacy to science was a paper on Film forms . The best monument to his fame is perhaps his investigation of polarized light . Malus had first set foot on this domain , but his premature death left it open to the entrance of Brewster , and what wonderful regions did he explore ! It not unfrequently happened that some other philosopher , with perhaps a profounder knowledge of mathematics , stepped in and deduced important laws ; but sometimes he himself arrived at the higher generalizations ; as , for instance , may be cited that of the refractive index of a substance being the tangent of its polarizing angle . But he was not always fortunate in his theories ; thus his ingenious view of solar light , as composed of three primary colours ( red , yellow , and blue ) forming coincident spectra of equal length , has been shown to be completely fallacious . Yet he never abandoned his theory ; a fact which we are disposed to attribute , not to a want of conscientious truthfulness , but rather to an inability to appreciate the real bearing of an argument , and to an over confidence in his own memory and the testimony of his senses . During his optical investigations Sir David often turned from the phenomena seen to the organ of sight , and experimented on that wonderful eye which saw bands in the red rays less refrangible than Fraunhofer 's A. Of late years especially he examined the functions of the retina , the foramen centrale , and the choroid coat of the eye of animals ; he wrote several papers on the muscae volitantes , and explained many peculiarities of single and binocular vision , and not a few optical illusions . While pursuing these researches on light , he made frequent excursions into other regions of science ; he discovered fluids in the cavities of some of the minerals he was examining , and these must be investigated ; he wrote much on the mean temperature of the globe ; his attention was attracted at one time to fossil bones from Ava , at another to the varnish-trees of India ; while systems of double stars , and the pyro-electricity of minerals shared the notice of his comprehensive mind . As an inventor of new apparatus Brewster also acquired no little renown . His first paper on this subject appears to have been " Some remarks on Achromatic Eyepieces " in Nicholson 's Journal for 1806 ; and seven years afterwards he published a separate " Treatise on new Philosophical Instruments for various purposes in the Arts and Sciences . " In 1816 , while repeating some experiments of Biot with a glass trough , he noticed that peculiar method of reflection which is the principle of the Kaleidoscope ; and no sooner was this pretty instrument before the public than it became marvellously popular , and that not only as a toy for old and young , but large expectations were raised of its usefulness to the artist and designer of patterns . We are also indebted to him for many other ingenious contrivances for micrometers , burning-glasses , & c. , and his writings frequently contained the germs of future inventions . Hence it is not easy to determine his precise share of merit in such appliances as the lenticular stereoscope , or the polyzonal lenses used in lighthouses . In regard to the latter , however , it may be safely maintained that while the chief credit of elaborating the dioptric system of illumination must be given to Fresnel , the persistent advocacy of Brewster materially contributed to its adoption on the shores of our own island . In addition to the treatises already mentioned he wrote several distinct works of a biographical character the Memoirs of Sir Isaac Newton , Euler 's Letters and Life , and the Martyrs of Science , viz . Galileo , Tycho Brahe , and Kepler . Nor must be omitted his letters on Natural Magic , and his ' More Worlds than One , the Creed of the Philosopher , and the Hope of the Christian . ' Sir David 's anonymous writings were nearly as numerous as those to which his name was attached , and they spread over a wider range of subjects . The elaborate treatises on Optics in the Edinburgh Encyclopaedia and in the recent editions of the Encyclopaedia Britannica are both from his pen , and to each he contributed the articles on Hydrodynamics and Electricity . In the older work he also wrote on Astronomy , Mechanics , Microscopy , and Burning instruments , while in the later work he turned his attention among other subjects to that of photography . To the Edinburgh Review he contributed twenty-eight articles , which are comprised between the Nos. LVII . and LXXXI . They include biographical notices of such men as Davy and Watt ; reviews of such philosophical works as Whewell 's 'History and Philosophy of the Inductive Sciences , ' Mrs. Somerville 's Connexion of the Physical Sciences , ' Lord Brougham 's 'Discourse on the Study of Natural Philosophy , ' and even Compte 's 'Philosophie Positive : ' they pass from Buckland 's Geology or Daguerre 's photogenic drawings to the lighter subjects of deer-stalking or salmon-fishing ; they follow Sir James Ross or Sir George Back in their arctic researches , and describe the British lighthouse system or the phenomena of thunder-storms . To the Quarterly Review he seems to have contributed five articles , and in them he gives his estimate of works by Babbage , Herschel , and Abercrombie ; while the subjects he treats are as wide apart as the production of sound , and the analysis of the intellectual powers , the supposed decline of science in England , and the philosophy of apparitions . 'Meliora and the Foreign Review each contain two articles from his pen , one in the latter being a notice of Dutrochet 's ' Observations sur Endosmose et Exosmose . ' But it was in the North British Review that the longest series of articles appeared . We have a list before us of seventy-six in the first thirty-nine parts of that quarterly serial , and we doubt whether the enumeration is complete . This shows that , on an average , Sir David wrote two of these literary productions for each part , and suggests the idea that he must have reviewed every book of note that he read . The first Number of the North British commences with an article by him on Flourens 's 'Eloge Historique de Cuvier ; ' and further Qn in the same part he discusses the ' Lettres Provinciales ' and other writings of Blaise Pascal . In the second Number he describes the Earl of Rosse 's great reflecting telescope ; and shortly we find him engaged with such serious works as Humboldt 's ' Cosmos ' or Murchison 's 'Siluria . ' The rival claimants for the honour of having discovered Neptune divide his attention with Macaulay 's 'History of England , ' or the 'Vestiges the he Natural History of Creation . ' With Layard he takes his readers to Nineveh , with Lyell he visits North America , and with Richardson he searches the Polar seas . The Exhibition of 1851 , the Peace Congress , and the British Association come in turn under his descriptive notice ; or , turning from large assemblies to individual philosophers , he sketches Arago , Young , or Dalton . In one Number we have " The Weather and its Prognostics , " and " The Microscope and its Revelations ; " elsewhere he describes the Atlantic telegraph , whilst in a single article he groups together " the life-boat , the lightning-conductor , and the lighthouse . " IIe reviews in turn Mary Somerville 's 'Physical Geography , ' and Keith Johnston 's 'Physical Atlas ; ' the HIistory of Photography engages him at one time , and at another Weld 's Iistory of our Society . Under the guidance of Sir Henry Holland he investigates the curious mental phenomena of mesmerism and electro-biology , and under that of George Wilson he inquires into colour-blindness . He criticises Goethe 's scientific works , expounds De la Rive 's 'Treatise on Electricity , ' and Arago 's on Comets ; or , turning from these severer studies , he allows Humboldt to exhibit the ' Aspects of Nature ' in different lands to the multifarious readers of the Review . In addition to all this Sir David issued some pamphlets of a personal nature-controversial writings which some objected to as unnecessarily persistent , though it should be recorded to his honour that he was ready to profit by friendly remonstrance . Few of his living companions will remember this Nestor in science otherwise than as a venerable form full of vivacity and intelligence , keenly alive not to physical questions alone , but to the various social , politi cal , and ecclesiastical interests of his time , and giving frequent indications of that humble faith in God which was the foundation of his character , and which brightened his declining years and the closing scenes of his earthly life . His many personal friends will retain his memory in their warm affection . Posterity will know him mainly for having opened up new regions in our knowledge of optical phenomena , and for having given a mighty impulse to science during two-thirds of the nineteenth century.-J. . G. CHARLES GILES BRIDLE DAUBENY* was born February 11 , 1795 , at Stratton in Gloucestershire , third son of the Rev. James Daubeny , entered Winchester School in 1808 , and was elected to a demyship in Magdalen College , Oxford , in 1810 . In 1814 , at the age of 19 , he took the degree of B.A. in the second class , according to the old style of the Oxford Examinations . In 1815 he won the Chancellor 's Prize for the Latin Essay , the prize for the English Essay in the same year being gained by Arnold . Destined for the profession of medicine , he proceeded to London and Edinburgh as a medical student ( ) . The lectures of Professor Jameson in Edinburgh on Geology and Mineralogy attracted his earnest attention , and strengthened the desire to cultivate natural science which had been awakened by the teaching of Dr. Kidd at Oxford . In Dr. Kidd 's class-room the future historian of volcanoes had frequently met Buckland and the Conybeares , Whateley and the Duncans men of vigorous minds and various knowledge . The change from thoughtful Oxford to active Edinburgh was the crisis in Daubeny 's career . The fight was then raging in the modern Athens between Plutonists and Neptunists , Huttonians and Wernerians , and the possession of Arthur 's Seat and Salisbury Craig was sternly debated by the rival worshippers of fire and water . Daubeny entered keenly into this discussion , and , after quitting the University of Edinburgh , proceeded , in 1819 , on a leisurely tour through France , everywhere collecting evidence on the geological and chemical history of the globe , and sent to Professor Jameson from Auvergne the earliest notices which had appeared in England of that remarkable volcanic region . Some of the views afterwards advanced by the young physicist touching the elevation of the hills and the geological age of the valleys of Auvergne t have been reexamined and discussed by later eminent writers , such as Scrope , Murchison , Lyell not always in agreement with him , or , indeed , with one another ; while the prehistoric antiquity of the volcanoes them* Extracted from a more extended Obituary Notice of Dr. Daubeny , read to the Ashmolean Society of Oxford , by Professor John Phillips , F.R.S. , February 17 , 1868 . t Letters on the Volcanoes of Auvergne , in Jameson 's Edinburgh Journal , 1820-21 . + Transactions of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , 1831 . selves has been questioned even within a few years , and defended by none more effectually than by Dr. Daubeny . From the beginning to the end of his scientific career , volcanic phenomena occupied the attention of Dr. Daubeny ; and he strove by frequent journeys through Italy , Sicily , France and Germany , Hungary and Transylvania , to extend his knowledge of that interesting subject . In , he had by this means prepared the basis of his great work on volcanoes , which appeared in 1826 , and contained careful descriptions of all the regions known to be visited by igneous eruptions , and a consistent hypothesis of the cause of the thermic disturbance , in accordance with the view first proposed by Gay . Lussac and Davy . Water admitted to the uncombined bases of the earths and alkalies existing below the oxidized crust of the globe , was shown to be an efficient cause of local high temperature , and a real antecedent to the earthquake movements , the flowing lava , and the expelled gas and steam . In later yearst Dr. Daubeny freely accepted , as at least very probable , a high interior temperature of the earth ; but he did not allow that the admission of water to a heated interior oxidized mass would account for the chemical effects which accompany and follow an eruption . On this point there are still data to be gathered and inferences to be examined . Four years previously to the publication of the 'Description of Volcanoes , ' Dr. Daubeny was appointed to succeed Dr. Kidd as Aldrichian Professor of Chemistry , and took up his abode in , or rather below , the time-honoured Museum founded by Ashmole . In these rather gloomy apartments nearly all the scientific teaching of Oxford had been accomplished since the days of Robert Plot ; in them were still collected , as late as 1855 , by gas-light and furnace-fires , the most zealous students of Practical Chemistry ; but now they are filled with Greek sculpture , and Chemistry has flitted to the magnificent laboratories of the University Museum , directed by Sir Benjamin Brodie . In 1834 he was appointed Professor of Botany , and migrated to the " Physic Garden , " as it was called , which had been founded in the early part of the reign of Charles I. Under his diligent and generous management , with liberal aid from the University , Dr. Daubeny lived to see the old Garden entirely arranged , enriched with extensive houses , extended in area , and made both attractive and beautiful . In the pleasant residence at the Botanic Garden , Dr. Daubeny passed the remainder of his life the third of a century . Here , incessantly active , he instituted many experiments on vegetation under different conditions of soil , on the effects of light on plants , and of plants on light , on the distribution of potash and phosphates in leaves and fruits , on * Quarterly Journal of Science , 1866 . t " Memoir on the Thermal Waters of Bath , " British Association Reports for 1864 . f the conservability of seeds , on the ozonic element of the atmosphere , and on the effect of varied proportions of carbonic acid on plants analogous to those of the coal-measures* . These last-mentioned experiments are among the very few which can be referred to as throwing light on the curious question whether the amazing abundance of vegetable life in the carboniferous ages of the world may not have been specially favoured by the presence , in the palaeozoic atmosphere , of a larger proportion of carbonic acid gas than is found at present . A favourite subject of research with Dr. Daubeny , naturally springing from his volcanic explorations , was the chemical history of mineral waters . The presence of iodine and bromine in some of these formed the subject of a paper in the Philosophical Transactions for 1830 ; and a Report to the British Association in 1836 included a general survey of mineral and thermal waters . This subject was not neglected in his North-American Tour ' ( 1837-38 ) , which contains a great number of interesting observations on the character of the country which he traversed , as well as the educational institutions , where he was heartily welcomed . Dr. Daubeny was a great traveller , almost an annual visitor to the continent , usually , at least in his later years , accompanied by some scientific or literary friend , some member of his family , or some young Oxonian of cultivated taste , to whom the sight of Auvergne and the Tyrol in the company of such a guide was a gift of priceless value . In one of his journeys to Spain in 1843 , for the purpose of studying the geological relations and agricultural value of the great phosphatic deposit of Estremadura , he was accompanied by Captain Widdringtoa , 11.N . It was a journey prompted by benevolence and attended by hardship . No doubt , in some future day , railways will carry heavy loads of this valuable substance to enrich the agriculture of Spain . In another year he might be found in Norway , or musing in the Garden at Geneva , where he was always welcomed by the great botanist whose friendship he gained in early life , and to whose memory he has devoted a careful critical essay , which was read to the Ashmolean Society in . It was at Geneva that he " began to estimate at their true weight the pretensions of Botany to be regarded as a science , and to comprehend the principle on which it might be inculcated as constituting an essential part of a liberal education . " Here he first pursued his botanical studies under the guidance of Decandolle in 1830 , and thus qualified himself for the Professorship to which , as already observed , he was appointed in 1834 . Chemistry , however , was the thread which bound together all the researches of Dr. Daubeny ; not that he was personally a dexterous manipulator of chemical instruments , though a diligent practical analyst . He was rich in chemical knowledge , profound and varied in his acquired views of chemical relations , always prompt and sagacious in fixing upon the main argument and the right plan for following up successful experiment or retrieving occasional failure . In 1831 appeared his 'Sketch of the Atomic Theory , ' a work which well sustained the reputation of the author as a master of language and a conscientious teacher of science . So soon as the arrangements were made for the location of Chemistry in its new abode Dr. Daubeny took the occasion of resigning the Chair of Chemistry , and used all his influence to increase the efficiency of the office and secure the services of the present eminent Professor . In his position as a teacher of Botany , he took pleasure in drawing attention to the historical aspects of his subject , and specially , as a part of his duty , treated of Rural Economy both in its literary and its practical bearings . Hence arose the " Lectures on Roman Husbandry " ( 1857 ) , written in a style very creditable to the classical training of his early years , and containing a full account of the most important passages of Latin authors bearing on crops and culture , the treatment of domestic animals , and horticulture . ' To this is added an interesting Catalogue of the Plants noticed by Dioscorides , arranged in the modern natural orders . This was followed , after a few years , by a valuable Essay on the Trees and Shrubs of the Ancients , and a Catalogue of Trees and Shrubs indigenous in Greece and Italy ( 1865 ) . To facilitate his researches in Experimental Botany , Dr. Daubeny had obtained possession of a piece of land lying some half a mile or so from Oxford ; but of late years symptoms of ill-health interfered both with his enjoyment of the recreation of his little farm , and the experiments for which it was destined . During a few late winters Dr. Daubeny found it desirable to exchange his residence in Oxford for the milder climate of Torquay . Here his activity of mind was equally manifested by public lectures on the temperature and other atmospheric conditions of that salubrious resort , and by experiments on ozone and the usual meteorological elements , in comparison with another series in Oxford . By this connexion with Devonshire he was induced to join the Association in that county for the Advancement of Science , Literature , and Art ; and one of his latest public addresses was delivered to that body , as President , in 1865 . In his whole career Dr. Daubeny was full of that practical public spirit which delights in cooperation , and feeds upon the hope of benefiting humanity by associations of men . When the British Association came into being at York , in 1831 , Daubeny alone stood for the Universities of England . In 1856 he was its President , at Cheltenham , in his native county , amidst numerous friends , who caused a medal to be struck in his honour the only occurrence of this kind in the annals of the Association . The same earnest spirit was manifested in all his academic life . No project of change , no scheme of improvement in University Examinations , no modification in the system of his own college , ever found him indifferent , prejudiced , or unprepared . On almost every such question his opinion was formed with rare impartiality , and expressed with as rare intrepidity . Firm and gentle , prudent and generous , cheerful and sympathetic , pursuing no private ends , calm amid jarring creeds and contending parties the personal influence of such a man on his contemporaries for half a century of active and thoughtful life fully matched the effect of his published works . His latest labour was to gather his ' Miscellaneous Essays ' into two very interesting volumes , and then , after patiently enduring severe illness for a few weeks , he sank to that rest which , often in his thoughts , had ever been expected , with the calmness of the philosopher and the hopefulness of the Christian . He died at five minutes past twelve A.M. , December 13 , 1867 , in his 73rd year . His remains were laid in a vault adjoining the walls of Magdalen College Chapel , in accordance with his own expressed wish " that he might not be separated in death from a society with which he had been connected for the greater part of his life , and to which he was so deeply indebted , not only for the kind countenance and support ever afforded him , but also for supplying him with the means of indulging in a career of life at once so congenial to his taste and the best calculated to render him a useful member of the community . " In the preceding brief notices no mention has been made of Dr. Daubeny 's short career as a medical man , for which he had prepared himself by professional study in Edinburgh and London . In Oxford he justified his title of M.D. and his Fellowship with the College of Physicians by attaching himself to the Radcliffe Infirmary . In this capacity , however , he did not long remain ; nor did he continue his medical practice , though during all his life the progress of medical science was much at his heart , as may be seen in the Harveian Oration which he delivered before the College of Physicians in 1845 . In that elegant address he speaks of himself as " ... quem , a medicinae castris tanquam profugum , Physicarum Scientiarum amor , aut Otii Literati dulcedo , ad aliam vitae normam jam tot per annos transtulit , ut ne inter commilitones vestros recenseri merear . " In these words we have the key to the valuable life which was passed so busily and so gracefully among his academic brethren , and to the works of scientific and literary interest which are all that now remain to us of Charles Daubeny . What he has said of these works is perhaps the truest and most modest comment that will ever be made on them and on the circumstances under which they were produced . For they are " some of the fruits of a life chiefly spent in tranquil intellectual occupation , under the fostering wing of one of those great semimonastic establishments which are peculiar to this country ; and however slight their intrinsic value , considered as contributions to the stock of human knowledge , may be , they will serve at least to show , by their number and variety , what might be accomplished by persons gifted with greater energy and more profound attainments , through the aid of foundations in which an exemption from domestic cares , and a liberal provision for all the reasonable wants of a celibate life , afford such facilities for the indulgence of either literary or scientific tastes . " Under the influence of the traditions of former scientific culture in Oxford , and " Not mindless of those mighty times " when the leading spirits of remote antiquity committed to posterity the priceless records of early philosophy , was Charles Daubeny conducted to the School of Chemistry , and the School of Geology . In them , but especially in the former , he imbibed sound and various knowledge . From them he passed at once to researches and publications which have contributed as much as those of any physicist of this century to sustain the credit of the University and guide the progress of useful knowledge . And the influence of these publications was in no slight measure due to the pure classical taste , and the sure employment of appropriate language , which were the gift of the foundations of William of Wykeham and William of Waynflete . The same accuracy appeared in the frequent addresses which he was called on to make on social or public occasions . lie affected no grace or oratory ; " His words succinct , yet full , without a fault , He said no more than just the thing he ought ; " but the calm and reasonable views which he might be trusted to present on all subjects of scientific interest or administrative reform , never failed to have their due influence even over the agitations of controversy-from which he never shrank if his sense of justice and love of truth called for vindication . Any one accustomed to a considerable degree of intimacy with Dr. Daubeny would be able to declare that he never met with any man more entirely truthful and just-minded . You might absolutely rely upon him , in regard of deeds , thoughts , and motives . To convince his judgment was to enlist his sympathy and secure his active help ; to be censured with overmuch strictness was a passport to such protection as he could honestly give . In defence of a friend whose Essay was unpopular , in opposition to a course of University mutation which he did not think was reform , in advocating what he believed to be desirable changes , his arms were ever ready ; nor did he throw a pointless dart . With reference to the influence of Dr. Daubeny in scientific discussions , one may venture to say that it would have been greater had his early studies been more turned in the direction of mathematics , especially as applied to physical research . In the beginning of his career , indeed , Chemistry was only acquiring numerical exactness , and Geology was quite unprovided with mechanical laws of earth-movement . But no one knew better than Dr. Daubeny that right geometrical conceptions are always necessary to a student of science , and laws of proportion indispensable elements of sound philosophy . The published writings of Dr. Daubeny are very numerous . Besides what have appeared as independent works , the list of his Memoirs in Transactions and Journals up to 1863 , as given in the Royal Society 's " Catalogue of Scientific Papers , " amounts to seventy-too . Many of these , scattered through various periodicals and not conveniently accessible , were collected and arranged by their author in two volumes of Miscellanies . In this collection appeared twelve Experimental Essays , ten Geological Memoirs , eight Essays on Scientific Subjects , and twelve on Literary Subjects . Besides , these were several papers of interest , some published separately , which , having been composed after the first edition of the 'Description of Volcanoes , ' were employed in the preparation of the second edition , or noticed in supplements to that work . By these arrangements Dr. Daubeny has rendered it unnecessary , for those who desire to know his views on the various subjects which occupied his mind , to refer to such publications as the Edinburgh Philosophical Journal , Edinburgh New Philosophical Journal , or Journal of the Geological Society , or even to the Linnean Transactions , Royal Society 's Transactions , or Reports of the British Association , except from a desire to learn his first thoughts from his first words . The following is a list of the works which contain the principal results of Dr. Daubeny 's scientific and literary labours . Description of Active and Extinct Volcanoes . 8vo , London , 1826 . Second Edition , 1848 . Several Supplements . 2 . Tabular View of Volcanic Phenomena . Folio , thick , 1828 . 3 . Notes of a Tour in North America ( privately printed ) . 8vo , 1838 . 4 . Introduction to the Atomic Theory . 8vo , 1852 . 5 . Lectures on Roman Husbandry . 8vo , 1857 . 6 . Lectures on Climate . 8vo , 1863 . 7 . Trees and Shrubs of the Ancients . 8vo , 865 . 8 . Miscellanies on Scientific and Literary Subjects . 2 vols . 8vo , 1867 . JULIUS PLCKER , Foreign Member of the Royal Society , was born on the 16th of July 1801 , at Elberfeld . After studying in the Gymnasium of Dsseldorf , and in the Universities of Bonn , Berlin , and Heidelberg , he passed some years in Paris . In 1825 he became a Privatdocent of Mathematics in Bonn , and in October 1828 was appointed Professor extraordinarius in that University . In 1833 he went to Berlin in the same capacity , and lectured also in the Friedrich-Wilhelm 's Gymnasium . In 1834 he obtained the Professorship of Mathematics in the University of Halle , and in 1836 he was appointed Professor of Mathematics in the University of Bonn . The treatises and memoirs on Analytical Geometry written by him during the twenty years that followed his return from Paris secured for him a place among the first mathematicians of his time . lie now entered upon a new career ; for the superintendence of the Physical Museum having been entrusted to his care , he turned his attention to experimental research , and was appointed to the Professorship of Physics in 1847 . A series of brilliant discoveries soon placed him among the foremost labourers in this department of science . These researches occupied him till 1856 . In repeating some of Faraday 's experiments , he was led to the discovery of magnecrystallic action , that is , that a crystallized body behaves differently in the magnetic field according to the orientation of certain directions in the crystal . These researches occupied him till 1856 , when he turned his attention to the action of powerful magnets on the luminous electric discharge in glass tubes containing highly rarefied gas . In a wide tube the light of such a gas is too faint to permit a satisfactory observation of its spectrum ; he found , however , that by employing tubes which were capillary in one part , brilliant light and definite spectra were obtained in the narrow part . These spectra were found to be characteristic of the several gases and to indicate their chemical nature , though the gases might be present in such minute quantity as utterly to elude chemical research . In continuing these researches he next made the remarkable discovery of the two totally different spectra of each of the elementary substances , nitrogen , sulphur , selenium , hydrogen , iodine , lead , manganese , and copper , according as it is submitted to the instantaneous discharge of a Leyden jar charged by an induction coil , or rendered incandescent by the simple discharge of the coil , or else , in some cases , by ordinary flames . The two spectra were found to exhibit a difference in character , and are not merely different in the number and position of the lines which they show . This difference he attributed , with the greatest probability , to a difference in the temperature of the gas when the two are respectively produced . These results were made known in a memoir by himself conjointly with Dr. S. W. Hittorf , printed in the Philosophical Transactions for 1865 . About this time he resumed his geometrical investigations , but only lived to see the publication of the first part of the treatise upon which he was engaged . He took an active part in the management of the University , having been twice Rector , frequently Dean of the Faculty of Philosophy , for many years Member of the Academic Senate and the Examination Commission . He was a Member of the Academies of Munich , Haarlem , Rotterdam , Lund , and Upsala , of the Societe royale de Liege , of the Societe des Sciences Naturelles de Cherbourg , of the Societe ' Philomathique of Paris , Honorary Member of the Cambridge Philosophical Society , Corresponding Member of the Institute , of the Academies of Vienna , Gottingen , and the Physikalische Verein of Frankfort ; his election as Foreign Member of the Royal Society was in 1855 . The Copley Medal for the year 1866 was awarded to him for his researches in Analytical Geometry , Magnetism , and Spectral Analysis . His separate works are : Analyseos applicatio ad geonietriam altiorem et mechanicam ( Bonnse , 1824 ) . Analytisch-geometrische Entwickelungen ( Essen , 1831 ) . System der analytischen Geometrie ( Berlin , 1835 ) . Theorie der algebraischen Curven ( Bonn , 1839 ) . System der Geometrie des Raumes in neuer analytischer Behandlungsweise ( Dsseldorf , 1846 , second edition , 1852 ) . Enumeratio novorum phenomenorum in doctrina de magnetismo inventorum ( Bonnse , 1849 ) . De crystallorum et gazorum conditione magnetica ( Bonnre , 1850 ) . Neue Geometrie des Raumes , gegriindet auf die Betrachtung der geraden Linie als Raumelement ( Leipzig , 1868 , Erste Abtheilung ) . ' He also edited a work by his former pupil , Professor August Beer , entitled " Einleitung in die Electrostatic , die Lehre vom Magnetismus und die Electrodynamik , " left in manuscript by the latter at his death . HIis papers in the 'Transactions ' of the Royal Society are : On the Magnetic Induction of Crystals , March 26 , 1857 . On the Spectra of Ignited Gases and Vapours , with especial regard to the different Spectra of the same elementary gaseous substance , conjointly with Dr. S. W. Hittorf , February 23 , 1864 . On a New Geometry of Space , December 22 , 1864 . Fundamental Views regarding Mechanics , [ ay 29 , 1866 . He is also the author of numerous papers on analysis , geometry , electricity , magnetism , physical optics , and spectral analysis , in Crelle 's ' Journal , ' Gergonne 's 'Annalen , ' Liouville 's 'Journal , ' Poggendorff 's 'Annalen , ' the Abbe Moigno 's ' Les Mondes , ' the 'Philosophical Magazine , ' the ' Annali di Matematica . ' He died at Bonn on the 22nd of May , 1868 . JEAN BERNARD LEON FOUCAULT , Foreign Member of the Royal Society , was born in Paris on the 18th of September 1819 . He began the study of medicine , but soon gave the preference to physics and the sciences of observation . At the age of twenty he employed himself in improving the processes of photography . For three years he assisted M. Donne in preparing the illustrations of his lectures on microscopic anatomy , and was associated with M. Fizeau in conducting a variety of original researches . They investigated the comparative intensities of the light of the sun , of the voltaic arc between carbon poles , and of lime heated before the oxyhydrogen blowpipe . They read memoirs on the interference of calorific rays , on the interference of two rays of light in the case of a large difference in the lengths of their routes , and on the chromatic polarization of light . In December of 1849 Foucault described an electromagnetic regulator of the electric light . Conjointly with Regnault he was the author of a paper on binocular vision . He contributed besides several memoirs on colour , on voltaic and frictional electricity , and on the employment of the conical pendulum as a time-keeper . M. Arago had suggested the employment of Wheatstone 's revolving mirror , in a manner resembling its use in measuring the propagation of the electric current in a wire , to decide whether the velocity of light within a refractive medium is greater or less than its velocity in air . The former result implies the truth of the emission theory , the latter that of the undulatory theory . The experiment , as devised by M. Arago , was nearly ( perhaps quite ) impracticable , inasmuch as it depended upon the observation of an image of momentary duration formed in an unknown part of the field of view . By the happy introduction of a concave mirror having its centre in the axis of the revolving mirror , a fixed image was obtained ; and the experiment thus rendered possible proved that the velocity of light is greater in air than in water . This experiment was made in 1850 , not long after M. Fizeau had approximately determined the velocity of light in air by measuring the time it occupied in travelling from the place of the observer to a station 8633 metres distant , and back again . Foucault also suggested the means of measuring the velocity of propagation of radiant heat . In February 1851 he communicated to the Academy the results of his observations on the rotation of the plane of oscillation of a freely suspended pendulum in the direction east-south-west , and thus supplied an ocular demonstration of the diurnal motion of the earth . By the construction of the gyroscope , in September 1852 , he gave a second demonstration of the same phenomenon . For these discoveries the Copley Medal for the year 1855 was awarded to him . About this time he was appointed Physical Assistant to the Imperial Observatory . In September of the same year he exhibited a new instance of the conversion of work into heat . A copper disk being made to revolve rapidly in its own plane , on bringing a horseshoe magnet into such a position that the disk revolved with its rim between the poles of the magnet , the moving force required to maintain the velocity of rotation increased , and the temperature of the disk was raised . On the 16th of February 1857 he described a reflecting telescope , having a speculum formed of glass coated with chemically reduced silver and afterwards polished , of 10 centims . aperture and 50 centims . focal length , without being aware that a telescope on the same principle and nearly of the same dimensions had been described by Steinheil in the Allgemeine Zeitung of the 24th of March 1856 . In the following year Foucault succeeded in giving the speculum the form of a spheroid or of a paraboloid of revolution , and described a new process for finding out the configuration of optical surfaces . A reflector of this description , having an aperture of 40 centims . and 2'5 metres focal length , was mounted in the Imperial Observatory of Paris in June 1859 . Another of these reflectors , having an aperture of 78 centims . and a focal length of 4'5 metres , was constructed for the Observatory in 1862 . The polarizer known as his was invented in 1857 . The project of determining the absolute velocity of light in air with the aid of Wheatstone 's revolving mirror , conceived in 1850 , was carried out in 1862 . The value Foucault obtained for it was kilometres in a second of time , instead of kilometres , the previously received value . Combining the newly found velocity with the constant of aberration , , the sun 's equatorial parallax is found to be , the value deduced by Mr. Stone in his recent discussion of the transit of Venus in 1769 being 8"`91 , and the value adopted in the 'Nautical Almanac ' for 1870 being 8'"95 . In this year Foucault was elected a Member of the Bureau des Longitudes . In the years 1863 , 1864 , 1865 he appears to have been occupied with the task of investigating the conditions of isochronism of Watt 's governor , and modifying its construction so as to render the time of revolution invariable . These improved governors are applied to the transit-recorders constructed for the use of the Indian Survey . In January 1865 he was elected a Member of the Mechanical Section of the Institute . In 1866 he invented a new and improved regulator for the electric light , and a telescope for viewing the sun , in which the light is rendered endurable to the eye by coating the outer surface of the object-glass with a film of chemically reduced silver so thin as to be transparent . This process was applied with complete success to a refractor having an aperture of 25 centims . In July 1867 he was attacked by paralysis , and died on the 11th of February , 1868 . The date of his election as Foreign Member of the Royal Society is June 9 , 1864 . ANTOINE FRANCOIS JEAN CLAUDET was born at Lyons in 1797 . He received a good commercial and classical education in his own country , and at the age of 21 he entered the office of his uncle , M. Vital Roux , an eminent banker , who a few years after placed him at the glass-works of Choisy-le-Roi , as director , in conjunction with 14 . G. Bontemps , the well-known glass-manufacturer . Eventually M. Claudet came to London to introduce the productions of Choisy . In 1833 he invented the machine now generally used for cutting cylindrical glass . For this invention he received the medal of the Society of Arts in 1853 . But all this while he was a student of science training and waiting for the object to which his true life was to be devoted . The path was opened to him by the discovery of M. Daguerre . In January 1839 that discovery was first announced to the world , and specimens of the results were exhibited , the modus operandi being still preserved secret . The French Government at once entertained the project of rewarding the discoverer , and in the following June assigned to M. Daguerre a pension of 6000 francs annually , and to M. Niepce , jun . , a pension of 4000 francs annually , that the new art might be presented a gift to the world . In the month of August 1839 the new discovery was published to the world . It was received with enthusiasm , and rapidly adopted as a means of delineation , portraiture being its most early and extensive application . England alone failed to partake freely of this " gift to the world , " M. Daguerre having entered into negotiations which secured a patent in this country whilst the question of his claims was under the attention of the French Government . M. Claudet became the possessor of a part of this patent , and commenced in 1840 the practice of portraiture in the Adelaide Gallery , where his studio remained for many years . There , as a zealous worker , he devoted himself to the improvement and development of photography , perfecting known processes and inventing new ones . His earliest contribution to the art was a mode of obtaining vastly increased sensitiveness by using chloride of iodine instead of iodine alone . His paper on this subject was read before the Royal Society in June 1841 ; and , by a curious coincidence , it followed Mr. Fox Talbot 's description of his own photographic process , the calotype . From this period till his death his contributions to photographic literature were copious and interesting , the idiomatic excellence and elegance of his English being remarkable . In 1847 , discussing the properties of solar radiation modified by coloured glass media , he made a bold attempt to lay the foundation of a more complete theory of the photographic phenomena , and he was rewarded by the publication of his paper in the Philosophical Transactions , and by his subsequent election ( in 1853 ) as a Fellow of the Royal Society . At this time the collodion process had supplanted the method of Daguerre ; and Claudet was one of the first to appreciate and adopt it . The marvellous phenomenon of objects in relief was now brought before him in the stereoscope , and seemed to him a greater charm than the ex quisite detail of the Daguerreotype . He assisted Sir Charles Wheatstone in the early application of the stereoscope to photography ; and in his admirable treatise on the stereoscope he gives the history of the art and the theory of the principles of binocular vision . His great aim was the elevation of photography by rendering her work scientifically true ; and the Reports of the British Association during a period of twenty years bear ample testimony to the ingenuity and originality of his inventions . His dynactinometer , his photographometer , his focimeter , his stereomonoscope , his system of unity of measure for focusing enlargements , his system of photosculpture , and other results of his experimental researches are familiar to most photographers . In the later years of his life he became convinced that one of the greatest deficiencies of photography , in the representation of solid figures , is the incapability of obtaining an equally well-defined image of all the various parts situated on different planes . Hence it became his object to remove from photographic portraiture the mechanical harshness which marked and marred the plane situated in the exact focus of the lens , and so to produce , as in the best works of art , a uniformly soft and harmonious treatment . His success in the first instance was partial , inasmuch as the adopted motion of the posterior lens only of the optical combination slightly altered the size of the superimposed images , and thus introduced a theoretical , though hardly visible , amount of blurring . Dr. Sommer , M. Voigtlander 's stepson , supplied a series of formule showing that , although for all practical purposes in photography the movement of one lens attained the object in view , yet the simultaneous motion of the two lenses , receding from or approaching a fixed point between them , was the only legitimate mode of reconciling practice with theory , and of securing in every plane an exact uniformity of image . To fulfil this condition was a difficult problem , the solution of which was most perplexing . But , says Claudet , with a determination which commands success , " I did not like that it should be said my plan was not entirely in accordance with the mathematical laws of optics , and I set to work to find a mechanical means by which I could avail myself of the calculations of Dr. Sommer . I have found such means ; and it proves that the differential movement can be effected , not only as readily , but with a greater command and steadiness than by moving only one lens . " His ingenious automatic arrangement is described in his last paper read before the Royal Society , in 1867 , and published in the Proceedings , entitled " Optics of Photography . on a Self-acting Focus-Equalizer , or the means of producing the Differential Movement of the two Lenses of a Photographic Optical Combination , which is capable , during the exposure , of bringing consecutively all the Planes of a Solid Figure into Focus , without altering the size of the various images superposed . " After this , and in the same year , he had an interesting correspondence with his veteran collaborateur Sir David Brewster , who held that the most perfect photographic instrument is a single lens of least dispersion , and least aberration , and least thickness . Claudet realized these views in his portraiture with a small topaz lens , which reached with equal distinctness every plane of the figure . He then communicated the nature and result of his experiments to the British Association at Dundee ; and his work was done . His last illness , in December 1867 , was of very brief duration . He suddenly passed away from us , in the 70th year of his age , while his mental powers retained the vigour and freshness of youth ; and by his death photography lost a father , and very many photographers a friend . The scientific life of Claudet is given at length in a " c Memoir " published in the 'Scientific Review , ' and reprinted for distribution at the Meeting of the British Association at Norwich in August 1868 . In an Appendix there is a list of forty papers communicated from 1841 to 1867 to the Royal and other Philosophical Societies and to photographic and philosophical publications in England and France . Here also we have a striking portrait of this zealous photographer , obtained with his Focus-Equalizer , and printed from the only negative preserved when his " Temple to Photography " in Regent Street was destroyed by fire , " a few weeks after its chief priest had . quitted it for ever . " In recognition of his merits M. Claudet received awards of eleven medals , including the Council Medal of the Universal Exhibition , 1851 , besides that , being on juries , on other great occasions he was excluded from the awards . He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1853 , and in 1865 he was made a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour.-J . B. R. CHARLES JAMES BEVERLY , F.R.S. , F.L.S. , was born in August 1788 , at Fort Augustus in the Highlands , where his father 's regiment was then quartered . He entered the Navy in 1810 as Assistant Surgeon , and was employed in that capacity during four years on the Baltic and Mediterranean stations , but chiefly the latter , in H. M. SS . ' Pyramus , ' ' Resistance , ' and 'Caledonia , ' during which period he was frequently sent in boats on cutting-out expeditions , and was present at the capture of Porto d'Anzo in 1813 . He was then placed on Lord Exmouth 's list for promotion , but , falling into bad health , was sent to England in charge of sick and wounded from the fleet . On his recovery he was appointed to the ' Tiber ' as Assistant Surgeon , and served in that ship till 1818 , when , upon a strong recommendation , he was selected by the Admiralty to be Assistant Surgeon in the I Isabella , ' then about to proceed to the polar regions under the command of Sir John Ross . In 1819 and 1820 he served in Sir Edward Parry 's first expedition , and passed the winter at Melville Island , discovered in that well-known voyage . On his return he was promoted to the rank of Full Surgeon , having seen more than ten years ' service in sea-going ships as Assistant Surgeon , and being highly commended for his skill and care in his attendance on the sick . He subsequently suffered from an affection of his eyes , and immediately on his recovery was nominated most unexpectedly to the Flagship on the Barbadoes Station as Supernumerary Surgeon . The risk of changing from an arctic to a tropical climate while in weak health forced him to decline the appointment , and he was removed from the list of surgeons . He served in 1827 as a volunteer under Sir Edward Parry in the capacity of Surgeon and naturalist in the long and perilous ice-journey on the Spitzbergen seas . He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in May 1831 . After retiring from the Navy , Mr. Beverly entered into private practice in London . He died on the 16th of September , 1868 , a short time after attaining the age of 80 . 
Articles of Inquiries touching Mines . What the Honourable Robert Boyle gave the Reader cause to hope for , in Numb . II . when he was pleased to impart those General Heads for a Natural History of a Country , there publish 'd ; He is not un-mindful to perform , by enlarging them as occasion serves , with Particular and Subordinate Inquiries . Here he gratifies the Curious with a considerable Set of Inquiries about Mines : which though unfinish 'd , yet the Publisher , was instant to obtain their present Publication , to the end , that he might the more conveniently recommend them to several Forreigners of his Acquaintance , now ready to return to their several Countryes , which he understands to abound in Mines ; and from the Curious Inhabitants whereof , he expects to receive a good Accompt upon some at least of these Inquiries ; which also by several of them have been earnestly desired , as Instructions , to direct them , what Particulars to inquire after upon this Subject . These Quaeries are reduced by the Author to six Heads : The first , The neighbouring Country about the Mines . The second , The Soyl where the Mines are . The third , The Signs of Mines . The fourth , The Structure and other particulars belonging to the Mines themselves . The fifth , The Nature and Circumstances of the Ore. The sixth , the Reduction of the Ore into Metal . QUAERIES About the first Title . 1 . Whether the Country be Mountainous , Plain , or distinguish 'd with Vales ? And in case it be mountainous , what kind of Hills they are ; whether high , or low , or indifferently elevated ? Whether almost equal or very un-equal in height ? Whether fruitful or barren ; cold or temperate ; rocky or not ; hollow or solid ? Whether they run in ridges , or seem confusedly placed ; and , if the former , what way the ridges run , North and South , & c. And whether they run any thing parallel to one another ? 2 . Whether the Country be barren or fruitful ? And , if any way fruitful , what it produces , and what it most abounds with ? 3 . What Cattle it nourishes , and whether they have any such thing peculiar in point of bigness , colour , shape , longaevity , fitness or unfitness to make good meat , & c. as may be rather adscribed to the peculiar nature of the place , than to the barrenness of the Soyl , or other manifest causes ? 4 . Whether the Natives , and other Inhabitants , live longer or shorter than ordinary ? Whether they live more or less healthy ? Whether they be subject to any Epidemical Diseases , that may very probably be imputed to the Mines ; and what these Diseases are ; and what Remedies are found successful ? 5 . Whether the Country be , or be not furnish 'd with Rivers , Brooks , Springs , and other Waters ; and how these waters are conditioned ? 6 . Whether the Air be dry or moist ; hot or cold ; clear or foggy ; thick or thin ; heavy or light ; and especially , whether the Weather be more or less variable than ordinarily ; or whether it be subject to great and sudden changes , that may probably be imputed to the Mineral and Subterraneous Steams ; and what they are ? About the second Title . 7 . Whether the Soyle that is neer the Surface of the Earth , be Stony ; and , if it be , what kind of Stones it abounds with ? Whether it be Clayie , Marley , Chalkye , & c. And , if it be of several kinds , how many they are ; and by what properties they are distinguish 'd ? About the third Title . 8 . By what Signs they know or guess , that there is a Mine in such a place ? 9 . These Signs are either upon the Surface of the Earth , or beneath it . To the former belong these Quaeries . 10 . Whether the Ground be made barren by Metalline or Mineral Effluviums ? 11 . Whether it be observed , that Trees and other greater Plants seem to have their tops burnt , or other leaves or outsides discoloured ? or whether there be any Plants , that do affect to grow over such Mines ; and whether it have been tryed , that other Plants , that would prosper in the adjacent places , will not be made to grow or thrive there ? 12 . Whether the Stones and Pebles , that are wash 'd by the Brooks , Springs , or other Waters , have any colour 'd substance left upon them ; and if they have , of what colour , weight , & c. these adherences are ? 13 . Whether the Waters of the place proposed , do by their tast , smell , ponderousness , & c. disclose themselves to contain Minerals ? And , if they do , what Minerals they or their residences , when they are evapourated away , do appear to abound with , or to participate of ? 14 . Whether Snow will not lye , or Frost continue so long , or Dew be generated or stay upon the ground in the place proposed , as on other neighbouring grounds ? 15 . Whether the Dew that falls on that ground , will discolour white Linnen or Woollen-Cloths , spred over night on the surface of the ground , and employed to collect the Dew ? And whether the Rain that falls there , and may be supposed to come thither from elsewhere , will discolour such Clothes , or afford any residence of a Mineral Nature ? 16 . Whether the Place be more than ordinarily subject to Thunder and Lightning , and to sudden Storms or Earthquakes ; as likewise to Nocturnal Lights and fiery Meteors . 17 . Whether Mists use to rise from Grounds stored with Minerals ? What is observable in them , and what Minerals they signify , and may be supposed to be produced by ? 18 . Whether the Virgula Divinatoria be used to find out the Veins of proposed Mines ; and , if it be , with what success ? 19 . What other Signs above ground afford probability of Mines , or Direction for following a Vein over Hills , Valleys , Lakes , Rivers , & c. The second sort of Signs belonging to these Quaeries , are such as follow . 20 . Whether there be any Clayes , Marles , or other Mineral Earths , yellow or liquid matters , that usually give notice of the Ore ? And if there be more than one , how and at what depths they are wont to lye respectively ? Of what thickness and consistence they are ; and in what Order the Diggers meet with them ? 21 . Whether there be any Stones or Marchasites to be found neer , or not very far from the surface of the ground , by which one may have ground to expect a Mine ? As is often observed in the Tin-Mines of Cornwall , over which such kind of Stones are divers times found lying above ground ? 22 . Whether all Stones of that kind do equally signify that Mine ? And , if not , how the significant Stones are to be known , as by Colour , Bigness , Shape , Weight , Depth under ground , & c. 23 . Whether there be any Earths of peculiar kinds , as to Colour , Consistence , & c. that indicate a Mine beneath or near them ; and , if there be , what they are , and what is their consecution , if they have any ? 24 . Whether Heat or Damps give any assurance or a probability of finding a Mine ? 25 . Whether Water of any kind , met with in Digging , especially at this or that depth , do betoken a Mine ? 26 . Whether there be any Signs of the neerness of the Mine , and what they are ? 27 . Whether there be any Signs of ones having miss 'd the Mine , either by being past above , or beneath , or having left it on either hand ; and what they are ? 28 . Whether there be any Signs not only of the distinct and determinate kind of Metals or Minerals ; but of the Plenty and Goodness of the Vein ; and what they are ? 29 . Whether there be any Signs of the depth of the Vein beneath the surface of the Earth ; and what they are ? 30 . Whether there be any proper or peculiar Signs , that show it to be hopeless , or at least unlikely , to find a Vein in the place where it is digg 'd for ; and what those are ? About the fourth Title . 31 . What is the depth of the Shaft or Groove(which though named in the singular Number , the Questions about it are generally applicable ) till you come at the Vein or Ore ? 32 . Whether the Vein run or lye Horizontal , or dippe ? And if it dippe , what inclination it hath , how deep the lowest part lies ; and consequently how much deeper than the uppermost ? As also , what it 's Flexures , if it have any , are ? And whether it runs directly North or South , East or West ; or seem rather to have a Casual tendency , than any determinate one by Nature ? and how far it reaches in all ? 33 . What is the Wideness of the Groove at the Top , and elsewhere ? Whether the Groove be perpendicular or crooked ; and if crooked , after what manner , and with what distance it winds ? 34 . How the Groove is supported ? What are the kinds , length , bigness , and way of placing the Timber , Poles , & c. that are employed to support it ? And how long the Wood will last , without being spoyled with the subterraneous fumes and waters ? and what wood lasts longest ? 75 . What Air-shaft belongs to the Mine ? Whether it be single , or more than One ? Of what breadth the Air-shaft is at the Orifice ? Whether it be convenient enough , or not ? How neer it is placed to the Groove ; and in what position ? And if there be several Air-shafts , what their Distances and scituation are in reference to the Groove , and to each other ? Or how Air is supplied , if there be no Air-shafts ? 36 . Whether they meet with any Waters in the Mine ? And , if they do , how copious they are ; at what depths they occur ; how they are qualified ; and what way they Spring , & c. 37 . Whether they are constant or temporary ? whether they increase or diminish notably in Summer or Winter , or at any other time of the year ; and if they do , at what season that is ; how long it is wont to last ; and the proportions of Increase and Decrease ? 38 . What Expedients and Engines are employed to free the Mines from Water ? The materials , the parts , the bigness , the shapes , the coaptation ; and , in short , the whole structure , number , and way of applying the Instruments , that are made use off to free the Mines from Water ? 39 . What are the Conditions , Number , & c. of the Adits ? 40 . VVhether the Mine be troubled with Damps , and of what kind they are ? whether they come often or seldom at any set time , or altogether irregularly ? what Signs fore-run them ? what mischief they do ? what remedies are the most successfully imployed against them , aswell in reference to the Cleering of the Mine , as to the Preservation and Recovery of the VVorkmen ? 41 . VVhat Methods the Mine-men use in following the Vein , and tracing their passages under ground ( which they call Plumming and Dyalling ) according to the several exigencies ? And whether they employ the Instruments , made with the help of the Load-stone , the same way that is usual ; and if not , wherein they differ in the use of the same Instruments ; or what Instruments they substitute in their place ? 42 . VVhat ways they take to secure themselves from the uncertainty , incident to the guidance of Magnetick Needles from the Iron-Stone or Ore , that they may meet with under ground ? ( of which yet perhaps there is not so great danger , as one may imagine ; as far as I could find by a Trial , I purposely made in a Groove , where I was sure , there wanted not Iron-Ore . ) And what other wayes may be used to direct Miners without the help of a Load-stone ? 43 . How the Miners deal with the Rocks and Sparrs , they often meet with , before they come at the Ore ? Whether they use Fire to soften , calcine , or crack them ? How they employ it , and with what measure of success ? 44 . What wayes and cautions they use , to free the Mine and secure the Work-men from the inconveniencies and danger accruing from the use of much fire in it ? 45 . What Instruments they use to break the Rock & c ? And how those Instruments are conducive ; and how long they last ? 46 . How the Mine-men work ; whether naked or cloathed ? And what Lights they use to work by ; what materials they are made of , what measure of light they give ; how long they last ; and by what wayes they are kept burning in that thick and foggy air ? 47 . How Veins are follow 'd , lost , and recover 'd ? And how several Miners work on the same Vein ? And what is the best way of getting all the Ore in a Vein , and most conveniently ? 48 . How they convey out their Ore , and other things , that are to be carried out of the Mine ? Whether they do it in Baskets drawn up by Ropes , or upon Mens backs ; and if this last-named way ; what kind of Vessels they use for matter , shape , and capacity ? And whether the Work-men deliver them one to another ; or the same Work-men carry them all the way ? And whether the Diggers descend and ascend by Ladders of Wood , or of Ropes , & c. About the Fifth Title . 49 . Whether the Ore runs in a Vein ; or lie dispers 'd in scatter 'd pieces ; or be divided partly into a Vein , and partly into loose masses ; or like a Wall between two Rocks , as it were in a Cleft ; or be interspers 'd in the firm Rock ; like speckled Marble ? Or be found in Grains like Sand or Gravel ; as store of excellent Tin is said to be found in some parts of Cornwall at the Sides and in the Channels of running Waters , which they call ... ... . ; or whether the Ore be of a softer consistence , like Earth or Lome , as there is Lead-ore in Ireland holding store of Silver , and Iron-ore in the North parts of Scotland and elsewhere ? And what is observable in it as to Weight , Colour , Mixture , & c ? 50 . Whether any part of the Metal be found in the Mine perfect and complete ? ( As I have had presented me good valluable Copper , and pieces of perfect Lead , that were taken up , the one at Jamaica , and the other by an acquaintance of mine , that took them out of the ground himself in New England . ) 51 . Whether the Mine affords any parcels of Metal , that seem to grow like Plants ( as I have sometimes seen Silver growing , as it seemed , out of Stone , or Sparre almost like blades of Grass ; as also great Grains of a Metal , which appear 'd to me , and which those , that tryed some of it , affirmed to be Gold , abounding in a stony lump , that seem 'd to consist chiefly of a peculiar kind of Sparre . ) 52 . VVhether the Vein lie near , or much beneath the surface of the Earth , and at what depth ? 53 . VVhether the Vein have or have not any particular Concomitants , or Coats ( if I may so call them ; ) and , if any , what they are , and in what order they lie ? ( As the Veins of Leadore , with us , have frequently annnext to them a Substance call 'd Sparre , and next to that another , call 'd Caulk . 54 . VVhether ( besides these Coats ) the Vein have belonging to it any other Heterogeneous substance ? ( As in Tin-mines we often find that yellow substance , which they call Mundick . ) 55 . VVhat are the principal Qualities of these Extraneous substances ? ( As that Sparre is white , but transparent , almost like course Crystall , heavy , britle , easily divisible into flakes , & c. Caulk is of a different texture , white , opacous , and like a Stone , but much more ponderous . Mundick I have had of a fine golden colour ; but , though it be affirm 'd to hold no Metal ; yet I found it in weight , and otherwise , to differ from Marchasites ; and the Mine-men think it of a poisonous nature . ) 56 . Whether the Vein be inclosed every way in its Coats ; or whether it only lye between them ? 57 . Whether the Vein be every way of an uniform breadth , and thickness ; and , if it be , what these Dimensions are ; and , if not , in what places it varies , and in what measures ? ( The like Questions are to be made concerning the Sparre , Caulk , and other Teguments or mixtures of the Ore ? ) 58 . VVhether the Vein be un-interrupted , or in some places broken off ; and whether it be abruptly , or not ; and whether it be by Vales , Brooks , Gullets , etc. 59 . How wide the Interruptions are ? what Signs , whereby to find the Vein again ? whether the ulteriour part or division of the Vein be of the same Nature , and hold on in the same Course , as to its tendency upwards or downwards , or Horizontally , Norward , Southward , & c. with the Vein , from which it is cut off ? 60 . VVhether , in case the last end of the Vein be found , it terminate abruptly , or else end in some peculiar kind of Rock or Earth , which does , as it were , close or Seal it up , without leaving any crack or cranny , or otherwise ? And whether the terminating part of the Vein tend upwards , downwards , or neither ? And whether in the places , where the Vein is interrupted , there be any peculiar Stone or Earth , that does , as it were , seal up the Extremity of it ? 61 . Whether it be observed , that the Ore in Tract of time may be brought to afford any Silver or Gold , which it doth not afford , or more than it would afford , if it were not so ripe ? And whether it have been found , that the Metalline part of the Vein grows so , that some part of the Mine will afford Ore or Metal in tract of time , that did not so before ? And whether to this Maturation of the Mine , the being exposed to the free Air be necessary ; or , whether at least it conduce to the Acceleration of it ; or otherwise ? 62 . Whether all the Ore , contained in the Mine , be of the self-same nature and goodness ; and , if not , what are the differing kinds ; and how to be discriminated and estimated ? 63 . VVhat is the fineness and goodness of the Ore , by which the Mine is wont to be estimated ? And what are the marks and characters , that distinguish one sort from another ? 64 . VVhat proportion of Metal it affords ? ( As in our Ironmines 'tis observed , that about three Tuns of Iron-stone will afford one Tun of Metal : And I have had Lead-Ore , which an Ingenious man , to whom I recommended such Tryals , affirm 'd to me to afford three parts in four of good Lead . ) 65 . VVhether the Ore be pure in its kind from other Metals , and , if not , of what Metals it participates ; and in what proportion ? Which is especially to be inquired into , in cafe the Mine be of a base metal , that holds a noble metal metal : ( As I have known it observ 'd , that Lead-Ore , that is poor in its own metal , affords more Silver , than other ; and I remember , that the Ore lately mention 'd , being rich in Lead , scarce afforded us upon the Cuppel , an Atome of Silver . And Matthestus informs us , that a little Gold is not unfrequently found in Iron-Ore . And I have by me some Gold , that never endur 'd the Fire , taken out of a Lump of Tin-Ore . ) About the sixth Title . 66 . VVhat are the mechanick and praevious Operations , as Beating , Grinding , VVashing , & c. that are used to separate the Ore from the Heterogeneous Bodies , and prepare it for the Fire ? Or whether the Ore requires no such preparation ? ( as it often happens in Lead , and sometimes in Iron , & c. ) 67 . VVhether Mercury be made use off , to extract the nobler from the baser metals ? ( as is their practice in Peru , and other parts of the West-Indies . ) 68 . VVhether the leaving the Ore expos 'd to the open Air and Rain for a good while , be used as a Praeparative ? ( as I have seen done in Iron-stone . ) 69 . VVhether the Burning and Beating of the Ore be used to prepare it for the Furnace ? ( as is practised in Iron , and almost always in Copper : ) And , in case they use it more than once , how often they do it ; ( for , Copper-Ore is in some places washed 8 . or 10 . times , and in others , 12 . or 14 . ) and with what circumstances ; as , how long the Ignition lasts at a time , whether the Ore be suffer 'd to cool of it self , or be quench 'd ? whether it be washed betwixt each Ignition ? 70 . VVhat Flux-powders , and other ways they have to try and examine the goodness of the Ore in small quantities ? 71 . VVhether , when they work in great , they use to melt the Ore with any Flux or Additaments , or only by the force of the Fire , or in any way between both ? ( As throwing in of Charcoals when they melt Iron-stone does not only serve to feed the Fire , but perhaps by the Alchaly of its Ashes to promote the fusior : so Lime-stone , & c. ) 72 . What kind of Furnaces they use , to melt the Ore in ? Whether they be all of one sort and bigness , or of differing ? 73 . What are , the Situation , Materials , Dimensions , Shape , Bigness , and in short what is the whole structure and Contrivance of the Furnace ? If there be any thing peculiar and remarkable ? VVhat Tools are used in Smelting , their Figures , use , & c. And the wholemanner of working ? 74 . VVhat kinds of Fewel , and what quantities of it , are wont to be employed in the Furnace , within the compass of a day , or week ? How much is put in at a time ? How often it is renewed ? And how much Ore in a determinate time , as a week or a day , is wont to be reduced to Metal ? 75 . In case an Additament be employed , what that is , and in what proportion it is added ? VVhether it be mingled with the Ore , before that be put into the Fire , or cast in afterwards ; and , if so , at what time , & c ? 78 . VVhether the Ore be melted by a VVind , excited by the Fire it self ; as in VVind-ovens ? Ore by the course of VVaters ? Or acuated by the blast of Bellows ; and , if so , whether these Bellows be mov 'd by a VVheel , turn 'd by VVater running under it , or falling on it ? And what are , the Dimensions , Situation , & c. of the Bellows ? 79 . VVhat contrivance they have , to let or take out the Metal , that is in fusion ; and cast it into Barrs , Sows , Pigs . & c ? 80 . VVhat Clay , Sand , or Mould they let it run or pour it through ? And after what manner they refrigerate it ? 81 . VVhether or no they do , either to facilitate the fusion , or to obtain the more or better Metal , mingle differing sorts or degrees of Ore of the same metal ? ( As in some places 'tis usual , to mingle poor and rich Ore ; and at Mendip they mix two or more of those differing kinds of Lead-orethat they call Frimore , Steel-ore , Potern-ore , & c. ) 82 . VVhether or no , having once brought the Ore to fusion , they melt all the Metal it self , to have it the more pure ? And , if they do , with what circumstances they make the fusion ? 83 . VVhether they have any Signs , whereby to know whether the Fusion have been well or ill perform 'd ; and the Metal have obtain 'd the perfection , to be expected from such Ore , melted in such a Furnace ? 84 . VVhether they observe any great difference in the goodness of the Metal , that first melts , from that of the rest of the Metal which comes afterwards in the same or another operation ? And whether the Rule holds constantly ? ( For , though they observe in Tin-Mines , the best Metal comes first , yet in the works of an Industrious friend of mine , he informs me , that the best Metal comes last . ) 85 . Whether the produced Metal be all of the same goodness ? And if it be , how good it is in reference to the Metal of other Mines , or other parts of the same Mine or Vein ? And if it benot , what differences are observ 'd between the produced portions of Metal ; and what disparity that amounts to in the price ? 86 . What are the Wayes of distinguishing them , and estimating their goodness ? 87 . Whether they do any thing to the Metal , after it is once brought to Fusion , and , if need be , melt it over again , to give it a melioration ? ( As when Iron is refined , and turn 'd into Steel ; ) And what distinct Furnaces , and peculiar Ways of ordering the Metals are employ 'd to effect this improvement ? With a full description of them and the Tools in all Circumstances , observ 'd in the refining of Metals . 88 . Whether in those places , where the Metal is melted , there be not elevated some Corpuscles , that stick to the upper parts of the Furnance , or Building ? And , if there be , whether they be barely fuliginous and recrementitious exhalations , or , at least in part , Metallin Flowers ? ( As in the Cornish Tinmines , after some years they usually destroy the thatch 'd Houses , where the Ore hath been melted , to get the stuff , that adhears to the insides of the Roofs , out of which they melt store of excellent Tin . ) 89 . Whether the Metal , being brought to fusion , affords any Recrements ? ( As Iron-stone affords store of a dark Glass or Slagg ) And , if it do , what those Recrements are ? How they are separated from the Metal ; and to what Uses they are employed ? 90 . Whether , after the Metal has been once melted , the remaining part of the Ore being exposed to the Air , will in tract of time be impregnated , or ripen 'd , so as to afford more Metal ? ( For , this is affirm 'd to me of the Cornish Tin-Ore ; and what remained after the fusion of Iron-ore in the Forest of Dean , is so rich in Metal , that a Tenant of mine in Ireland , though he had on the Land , he held from me , an Iron-Mine , found it less profit to work it , than to send cross the Sea to the Forest of Dean for this already us 'd Ore , which having lain for some ages , since it was thrown aside in great heaps expos 'd to the Air , he affirm 'd to yield as well great great store of Iron , as very good : though I somewhat doubt , whether this be totally to be ascribed to the Aire , and length of time ; or to the leaving of Metal in the Slaggs in old times , before great Furnaces were in use . ) Promiscuous Inquiries about Mines , from the same Author . 1 . Whether the Territorie , that bears the Mine , abounds with no other Kind of Mineral in some distinct part of it ? ( As in Kent near Tunbridge , one part of the Country which is Hilly , abounds all along with Iron-Mines ; the other , which is also Hilly , and divided from it but by a small Valley , abounds exceedingly ( as the Diggers and Inhabitants told me upon the place ) in Quarry 's , which the Metallin-Country wants , but is quite destitute of Iron-stone . And so at Mendip , in one part of the Hill , I saw store of Lead-Mines , containing several Kinds of Ore of that Metal ; another part of the Hill I found to be full of Cole-pits , which had some Marchasites , but no Metal ; and in another place , Iron-ore , and mixt with Ores , which yet they did not think fit to work . ) 2 . Whether the Air appear to be really cold in Summer , and hot in Winter at the bottom of the Mines , by surer proofs than the Testimony of our Touch ? 3 . Whether they ever meet with places and Stones actually very hot , as Matthesius relates ? And whether that spring not from the quenching of Marchasites ? 4 . Whether they find in the Mines any Mineral Gelly , such as the German Naturalists call Ghur ? And whether in process of time it will harden into a metal , or Mineral Concretion ? 5 . What are the Laws , Constitutions , and Customs , Oeconomical , Political , Ethical , that are receiv 'd and practis 'd among the Mine-men ? 6 . Whether the Diggers do ever really meet with any subterraneous Daemons ; and if they do , in what shape and manner they appear ; what they portend ; and what they do , & c ? 7 . Whether they observe in the Trees and other Plants , growing over or neer the Mine , not only , ( as hath been already intimated ) that the Leaves are any whit gilded or silver 'd by the ascending Mineral Exhalations , but also , that the Trees or other Plants are more solid and ponderous ? And if they have not also some discernable Metalline or Mineral Concretes , to be met with in the small Cavities and Pores of their substance ? 8 . Whether there be not Springs , and also greater Streams of Water neer the Mine , that rise , and run their whole course under ground , without ever appearing above it ? 9 . Whether the Subterraneous Springs do rise with any wind or determinate change of weather ? 10 . How much heavier the Atmosphere is at the bottom of the Mine , than at the top ? And whether Damps considerably increase the weight of it ? 11 . Whether they find any strange substances in the Mines , as Vessels , Anchors , Fishes inclos 'd in Sparr or Metal , & c. ? 
An Estimate of the Degrees of the Mortality of Mankind , drawn from curious Tables of the Births and Funerals at the City of Breslaw ; with an Attempt to ascertain the Price of Annuities upon Lives . By Mr. E. Halley , R.S.S. THE Contemplation of the Mortality of Mankind , has besides the Moral , its Physical and Political Uses , both which have been some years since most judiciously considered by the curious Sir William Petty , in his Natural and Political Observations on the Bills of Mortality of London , owned by Captain John Graunt . And since in a like Treatise on the Bills of Mortality of Dublin . But the Deduction from those Bills of Mortality seemed even to their Authors to be defective : First , In that the Number of the People was wanting . Secondly , That the Ages of the People dying was not to be had . And Lastly , That both London and Dublin by reason of the great and casual Accession of Strangers who die therein , ( as appeared in both , by the great Excess of the Funerals above the Births ) rendred them incapable of being Standards for this purpose ; which requires , if it were possible , that the People we treat of should not at all be changed , but die where they were born , without any Adventitious Increase from Abroad , or Decay by Migration elsewhere . This Defect seems in a great measure to be satisfied by the late curious Tables of the Bills of Mortality at the City of Breslaw , lately communicated to this Honourable Society by Mr. Justell , wherein both the Ages and Sexes of all that die are monthly delivered , and compared with the number of the Births , for Five Years last past , viz . 1687 , 88 , 89 , 90 , 91 , seeming to be done with all the Exactness and Sincerity possible . This City of Breslaw is the Capital City of the Province of Silesia ; or , as the Germans call it , Schlesia , and is scituated on the Western Bank of the River Oder , anciently called Viadrus ; near the Confines of Germany and Poland , and very nigh the Latitude of London . It is very far from the Sea , and as much a Mediterranean Place as can be desired , whence the Confluence of Strangers is but small , and the Manufacture of Linnen employs chiefly the poor People of the place , as well as of the Country round about ; whence comes that sort of Linnen we usually call your Sclesie Linnen ; which is the chief , if not the only Merchandize of the place . For these Reasons the People of this City seem most proper for a Standard ; and the rather , for that the Births do , a small matter , exceed the Funerals . The only thing wanting is the Number of the whole People , which in some measure I have endeavoured to supply by comparison of the Mortality of the People of all Ages , which I shall from the said Bills trace out with all the Acuracy possible . It appears that in the Five Years mentioned , viz . from 87 to 91 inclusive , there were born 6193 Persons , and buried 5869 ; that is , born per Annum 1238 , and buried 1174 ; whence an Encrease of the People may be argued of 64 per Annum , or of about a 20th part , which may perhaps be ballanced by the Levies for the Emperor 's Service in his Wars . But this being contingent , and the Births certain , I will suppose the People of Breslaw to be encreased by 1238 Births annually . Of these it appears by the same Tables , that 348 do die yearly in the first Year of their Age , and that but 890 do arrive at a full Years Age ; and likewise , that 198 do die in the Five Years between I and 6 compleat , taken at a Medium ; so that but 692 of the Persons born do survive Six whole Years . From this Age the Infants being arrived at some degree of Firmness , grow less and less Mortal ; and it appears that of the whole People of Breslaw there die yearly , as in the following Table , wherein the upper Line shews the Age , and the next under it the Number of Persons of that 7 . 8 9. . 14 . 18 . 21 . 27 . 28. . 35 . 11 . 11 . 6 . 51/ 2 . 2 . 31/ 2 56 41/ 2 61/ 2 9 . 8 . 7 . 7 . 36 . 42 . 45 49 54 . 55 . 56 . 63 8 . 91/ 2 8 . 9 . 7 . 7 . 10 11 . 9 . 9 . 10 . 12 70 71 . 72 77 81 84 . 90 91 . 91/ 2 14 9 . 11 91/ 2 6.7.3.4.2 . 1 . 1 . 1 . 98 . 99 . 100 . 0 . 1/ 6 . 3/ 5 And where no Figure is placed over , it is to be understood of those that die between the Ages of the preceding and consequent Column . From this Table it is evident , that from the Age of 9 to about 25 there does not die above 6 per Annum of each Age , which is much about one per Cent . of those that are of those Ages : And whereas in the 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 Years there appear to die much fewer , as 2 and 3 1/ 2 , yet that seems rather to be attributed to Chance , as are the other Irregularities in the Series of Ages , which would rectifie themselves , were the number of Years much more considerable , as 20 instead of 5 . And by our own Experience in Christ-Church Hospital , I am informed there die of the Young Lads , much about one per Cent . per Annum , they being of the foresaid Ages . From 25 to 50 there seem to die from 7 to 8 and 9 per Annum of each Age ; and after that to 70 , they growing more crasie , though the number be much diminished , yet the Mortality encreases , and there are found to die 10 or 11 of each Age per Annum : From thence the number of the Living being grown very small , they gradually decline till there be none left to die ; as may be seen at one View in the Table . From these Considerations I have formed the adjoyned Table , whose Uses are manifold , and give a more just Idea of the State and Condition of Mankind , than any thing yet extant that I know of . It exhibits the Number of People in the City of Breslaw of all Ages , from the Birth to extream Old Age , and thereby shews the Chances of Mortality at all Ages , and likewise how to make a certain Estimate of the value of Annuities for Lives , which hitherto has been only done by an imaginary Valuation : Also the Chances that there are that a Person of any Age proposed does live to any other Age given ; with many more , as I shall hereafter shew . This Table does shew the number of Persons that are living in the Age current annexed thereto , as follows Sum Total . Thus it appears , that the whole People of Breslaw does consist of 34000 Souls , being the Sum Total of the Persons of all Ages in the Table : The first use hereof is to shew the Proportion of Men able to bear Arms in any Multitude , which are those between 18 and 56 , rather than 16 and 60 ; the one being generally too weak to bear the Fatigues of War and the Weight of Arms , and the other too crasie and infirm from Age , notwithstanding particular Instances to the contrary . Under 18 from the Table , are found in this City Persons , and 3950 above 56 , which together make 15947.So that the Residue to 34000 being are Persons between those Ages . At least one half thereof are Males , or : So that the whole Force this City can raise of Fencible Men , as the Scotch call them , is about 9000 , or 9/ 34 , or somewhat more than a quarter of the Number of Souls , which may perhaps pass for a Rule for all other places . The Second Use of this Table is to shew the differing degrees of Mortality , or rather Vitality in all Ages ; for if the number of Persons of any Age remaining after one year , be divided by the difference between that and the number of the Age proposed , it shews the odds that there is , that a Person of that Age does not die in a Year . As for Instance , a Person of 25 Years of Age has the odds of 560 to 7 or 80 to 1 , that he does not die in a Year : Because that of 567 , living of 25 years of Age , there do die no more than 7 in a Year , leaving 560 of 26 Years old . So likewise for the odds , that any Person does not die before he attain any proposed Age : Take the number of the remaining Persons of the Age proposed , and divide it by the difference between it and the number of those of the Age of the Party proposed ; and that shews the odds there is between the Chances of the Party 's living or dying . As for Instance ; What is the odds that a Man of 40 lives 7 Years : Take the number of Persons of 47 years , which in the Table is 377 , and substract it from the number of Persons of 40 years , which is 445 , and the difference is 68 : Which shews that the Persons dying in that 7 years are 68 , and that it is 377 to 68 or 5 1/ 2 to 1 , that a Man of 40 does live 7 Years . And the like for any other number of Years . Use III . But if it be enquired at what number of Years , it is an even Lay that a Person of any Age shall die , this Table readily performs it : For if the number of Persons living of the Age proposed be halfed , it will be found by the Table at what Year the said number is reduced to half by Mortality ; and that is the Age , ~ which it is an even Wager , that a Person of the Age proposed shall arrive before he die . As for Instance ; A Person of 30 Years of Age is proposed , the number of that Age is 531 , the half thereof is 265 , which number I find to be between 57 and 58 Years ; so that a Man of 30 may reasonably expect to live between 27 and 28 Years . Use IV . By what has been said , the Price of Insurance upon Lives ought to be regulated , and the difference is discovered between the price of ensuring the Life of a Man of 20 and 50 , for Example : it being 100 to 1 that a Man of 20 dies not in a year , and but 38 to 1 for a Man of 50 Years of Age . Use V. On this depends the Valuation of Annuities upon Lives ; for it is plain that the Purchaser ought to pay for only such a part of the value of the Annuity , as he has Chances that he is living ; and this ought to be computed yearly , and the Sum of all those yearly Values being added together , will amount to the value of the Annuity for the Life of the Person proposed . Now the present value of Money payable after a term of years , at any given rate of Interest , either may be had from Tables already computed ; or almost as compendiously , by the Table of Logarithms : For the Arithmetical Complement of the Logarithm of Unity and its yearly Interest ( that is , of 1 , 06 for Six per Cent . being 9 , . ) being multiplied by the number of years proposed , gives the present value of One Pound payable after the end of so many years . Then by the foregoing Proposition , it will be as the number of Persons living after that term of years , to the number dead ; so are the Odds that any one Person is Alive or Dead . And by consequence , as the Sum of both or the number of Persons living of the Age first proposed , to the number remaining after so many years , ( both given by the Table ) so the present value of the yearly Sum payable after the term proposed , to the Sum which ought to be paid for the Chance the person has to enjoy such an Annuity after so many Years . And this being repeated for every year of the persons Life , the Sum of all the present Values of those Chances is the true Value of the Annuity . This will without doubt appear to be a most laborious Calculation , but it being one of the principal Uses of this Speculation , and having found some Compendia for the Work , I took the pains to compute the following Table , being the short Result of a not ordinary number of Arithmetical Operations ; It shews the Value of Annuities for every Fifth Year of Age , to the Seventieth , as follows . Age . Years Purchase . Age . Years Purchase . Age . Years Purchase . 1 This shews the great Advantage of putting Money into the present Fund lately granted to their Majesties , giving 14 per Cent . per Annum , or at the rate of 7 years purchase for a Life ; when young Lives , at the usual rate of Interest , are worth above 13 years Purchase . It shews likewise the Advantage of young Lives over those in Years ; a Life of Ten Years being almost worth 13 1/ 2 years purchase , whereas one of 36 is worth but 11 . Use V. Two Lives are likewise valuable by the same Rule ; for the number of Chances of each single Life , found in the Table , being multiplied together , become the Chances of the Two Lives . And after any certain Term of Years , the Product of the two remaining Sums is the Chances that both the Persons are living . The Product of the two Differences , being the numbers of the Dead of both Ages , are the Chances that both the Persons are dead . And the two Products of the remaining Sums of the one Age multiplied by those dead of the other , shew the Chances that there are that each Party survives the other : Whence is derived the Rule to estimate the value of the Remainder of one Life after another . Now as the Product of the Two Numbers in the Table for the Two Ages proposed , is to the difference between that Product and the Product of the two numbers of Persons deceased in any space of time , so is the value of a Sum of Money to be paid after so much time , to the value thereof under the Contingency of Mortality . And as the aforesaid Product of the two Numbers answering to the Ages proposed , to the Product of the Deceased of one Age multiplied by those remaining alive of the other ; So the Value of a Sum of Money to be paid after any time proposed , to the value of the Chances that the one Party has that he survives the other whose number of Deceased you made use of , in the second Term of the proportion . This perhaps may be better understood , by putting N for the number of the younger Age , and n for that of the Elder ; Y , y the deceased of both Ages respectively , and R , r for the Remainders ; and and n. Then shall Nn be the whole number of Chances ; be the Chances that one of the two Persons is living , Yy the Chances that they are both dead ; Ry the Chances that the elder Person is dead and the younger living ; and the Chances that the elder is living and the younger dead . Thus two Persons of 18 and 35 are proposed , and after 8 years these Chances are required . The Numbers for 18 and 35 are 610 and 490 , and there are 50 of the First Age dead in 8 years , and 73 of the Elder Age . There are in all 610 ~ 490 or Chances ; of these there are 50 ~ 73 or 3650 that they are both dead . And as , to 3650 , or : So is the present value of a Sum of Money to be paid after 8 years , to the present value of a Sum to be paid if either of the two live . And as 560 ~ 73 , so are the Chances that the Elder is dead , leaving the Younger ; and as 417 ~ 50 , so are the Chances that the Younger is dead , leaving the Elder . Wherefore as 610 ~ 490 to 560 ~ 73 , so is the present value of a Sum to be paid at eight years end , to the Sum to be paid for the Chance of the Youngers Survivance ; and as 610 ~ 490 to 417 ~ 50 , so is the same present value to the Sum to be paid for the Chance of the Elders Survivance . This possibly may be yet better explained by expounding these Products by Rectangular Parallelograms , as in Fig. 7 . wherein AB or CD represents the number of persons of the younger Age , and D E , BH those remaining alive after a certain term of years ; whence CE will answer the number of those dead in that time : So A C , BD may represent the number And so forth to the 60th year , when we suppose the elder Life of Forty certainly to be expired ; from whence till Seventy we must compute for the First and Second only , and from thence to Ninety for the single youngest Life . Then the Sum Total of all these Fourth Proportionals being taken out of the value of a certain Annuity for 90 Years , being years Purchase , shall leave the just value to be paid for an Annuity during the whole term of the Lives of three Persons of the Ages proposed . And note , that it will not be necessary to compute for every year singly , but that in most cases every 4th or 5th year may suffice , interpoling for the intermediate years secundum artem . It may be objected , that the different Salubrity of places does hinder this Proposal from being universal ; nor can it be denied . But by the number that die , being 1174 . per Annum in 34000 , it does appear that about a 30th part die yearly , as Sir William Petty has computed for London ; and the number that die in Infancy , is a good Argument that the Air is but indifferently salubrious . So that by what I can learn , there cannot perhaps be one better place proposed for a Standard . At least 'tis desired that in imitation hereof the Curious in other Cities would attempt something of the same nature , than which nothing perhaps can be more useful . 
43 31 37 28 14 29 41 39 33 13 34 40 13 32 12 14 13 13 12 II . An Account of the external Maxillar , and other Salivary Glands : Also of the Insertions of all the Lymphaticks ( as well above as below the Subclavians ) into the Veins ; which Glands and Insertions have not hitherto been mention 'd , or not truly described by any Authors . By Richard Hale , M. D. Reg . Soc. & Coll . Med. Lond . Soc. THE external Maxillar Glands in Brutes are of the Conglomerate kind . They lie externally , laterally ( lengthways ) on the lower Jaw , partly under the Depressor Labiorum , and partly under the Buccinator . A strong Membrane intervenes between these Glands and the Jaw on one side , and between them and the Buccal Glands on the other side . They are more or less red ( like the Pancreas ) according to the quantity of Blood that remains in them , otherwise their Substance is white . These Glands receive Arteries from the external Carotids , Veins from the external Jugulars , and Nerves from the third Branch of the Par Quintum . The Number of excretory Ducts from these Glands , is not always the same , in the same species of Animals . In Cows generally fourteen are discovered by the Probe . Their Orifices are valvular , about four times less than their Ducts . Every Duct is about half an Inch from the next . Those in the middle of the Glands are largest , because the Glands are there broadest and thickest . The Ducts do n't communicate with one another , nor with the Buccal . Every Duct is made of lesser Ducts united , which rise from the Lobules ( thro ' the whole substance of the Glands ) which constitute each distinct Lobe , and has the same structure as the Pancreatick Duct . Each Lobe is depressed on its sides , where it is joined to other Lobes ; and between the Lobes many Buccal Glands are interspersed . In Calves seldom more than six or seven Ducts admit any Probe ; when the Animal grows older , the Ducts appear more plain and open . In Sheep six excretory Ducts are always found in each external Maxillar Gland . In Dogs and Cats , & c. these Ducts are fewer , in proportion to the smallness of the Glands . 'Tis observable that these Ducts in Dogs open obliquely towards the Mouth , whereby the Saliva may be better mixt with the Food in Mastication ; which might be swallowed unmixt from another structure of Ducts , in these Animals that swallow greedily . Dr. Wharton * first mentions the external Maxillar Glands . What he says of them , is applicable only to their appearance in Men , in which Subjects they are of the Conglobate kind , and very small , unless in Scrophulous and Venereal Cases . 'Tis plain that he had not seen them in Brutes ; for in his Figures ( which were drawn from Brutes ) no notice is taken of these Glands . He describes them as very small , and calls them Emunctories of the Nerves , which was the Notion ( in his time ) concerning the use of the Conglobate Glands ; and the Saliva was said ~e Nervoso Genere profundi . * Steno justly blames Blasius for ascribing to the external Maxillars an Excretory Duct opening into the Mouth , like the common one from the Parotid Gland . Yet Steno ( otherwise very accurate ) does not truly describe these Glands , nor distinguish them from the Buccal , tho ' they * Cap . 21 . ~ Cap . 21 . pag . 134 . * Obs . Anat . p. 14 . are as distinct from the Buccal , as the Sublinguals are from the internal Maxillars . Steno divides his Buccal into 3 Parts . The large Ducts in a Line rise from the external Maxillars ; and how distinct these Glands are from the Buccal appears plainly in Fig. 17th , & c. Steno 's 2d part of the Buccal , * intra ~ , & in media parte , are mark 'd e e , in Fig. 14 . quae alias , & c. higher are the same e e , among the Papillae . The third Part quae a superiore descendunt , are abc d. The external Maxillars differ from the Buccal , in bigness , figure , structure , particular number of Ducts , colour , & c. The Buccal , Labial , internal Maxillar , and sublingual Glands , are of a yellow Colour ; besides the Buccal are separated from the external Maxillars by a strong Membrane . Indeed many of the Excretory Ducts of the Buccal Glands open near the Ducts of the Maxillars ( from whence Steno confounded these Glands ) but they do so likewise round his own Ducts from the Parotids ; and some Ducts from like Glands open near the Sublinguals , as also about Nuck 's Ducts , in which places the Buccal Ducts are most numerous . In short , there is a very great Number of Excretory Ducts dispersed all over the Membrane , that invests the Mouth , Fauces , & c. which rise from Glands that lie under this internal Membrane . These Glands are more numerous in some Parts than others , and receive different Names , according to the Part they belong to ; as Labial , Buccal , Palatine , & c But these are small Glandules with one Excretory Duct , and tho ' they separate Saliva like the large Conglomerate Glands , Parotids , Maxillars , & c. yet they differ from these in Constructure , one common Excretory Duct , & c. Whereas the external Maxillars differ from all the other Glands of the Mouth , viz . * Pag . 18 . by many ways from the Buccal , besides their Colour ; in which particular , they are also distinguished from the internal Maxillar and Sublingual Glands ; they differ also from these as well as from the Parotids , in having a great number of common Excretory Ducts . This number of Excretory Ducts was not observed by Steno , nor did he know that these Ducts in the same Line , were the Excretory Ducts of large Conglomerate Glands ( like the Parotids ) distinct from the Buccal . Bartholine * mentions the external Maxillar Glands , but does not describe them . Nuck ~ only gives them a Place in his Catalogue of Glands , but takes no farther Notice of them , tho ' he writes a* Book chiefly about a new Salival Duct rising from a Gland , that is found in no Animal besides a Dog . Mr. Cowper had never seen these external Maxillar Glands , as appears by a Letter of his ( now by me ) written above Twenty Years ago , in answer to one I sent him upon the first discovery of these Glands . The external Maxillars in Men ( of the Conglobate kind ) are marked g , in the first Figure of his Myotomia Reformata , The Ducts of the external Maxillar Glands are opposite to the Orifices of Steno 's Ducts ; from which Glands and Ducts , as also from the Buccal , Labial , and Gringival Glands , the Saliva flows from all parts of the Mouth without the Teeth . From Wharton 's and the Sublingual Ducts , from the ~ , Fauces , Fretum Stenonis , Gingival , Lingual and Palatine Glands , the Saliva is derived , from the upper and lower , former and hinder parts of the Mouth within the Teeth . What has been said of these Salivary Glands , & c. will be best understood by the following Figures , which were *Pag . 542 . ~Adenol . p. 5 . n. 11 . *Sialog . p. 15 . 158 . drawn for me in October , 1697 . at Trin . Coll . Oxon . by Mr. Burghers , and have been lately compared with the Parts themselves in Cows , Calves , & c. These Figures are part of many more taken from Preparations at the same time , which were figured in the same Order as drawn . This is the Reason that the Cuts are marked in this manner , and it ca n't be of use to alter these Marks and Numbers . The Insertions of all the Lymphatick Vessels into the Veins can be discovered but in few Subjects , and no Figure has yet been given of them . These Figures shew the Course of the Lympha both below and above the Subclavians in Men , and Axillars in Dogs . The Lympha below the Receptaculum Chyli is conveyed from all the inferiour Parts by a great number of small Lymphatick Vessels , which uniting with others obliquely above the Valves , become bigger in proportion , till at length they constitute two large Trunks near the Emulgents , which are the Pedunculi or Beginnings of the Receptaculum Chyli . The Lympha from the Parts above the Subclavians , is derived in like manner from lesser Lymphaticks , to the common Ducts that are here delineated . I know Pecquet has given a Cut of the Thoracick Duct in a Dog ; which Duct is double from the Receptacle , and is inserted by four Branches into each Axillar . I believe with * Bartholine , ( who has borrowed this Figure from Pecquet ) that such an Insertion is a Lusus Naturae . For tho ' the Thoracick Duct may be double , and is sometimes divided into two Parts near the Subclavians , yet generally it is single , the Lympha from all parts on both sides the Body being carried by proper Lymphaeducts into one common Thoracick Duct , that conveys this Liquor , together with the Chyle from the Lacteals , into the left *Barth . p. 616 , 620 . Subclavian Vein , by one , three , or more Branches . For there is as great a variety in the number of these Branches , as in the places of their Insertion . Mr. Cowper injected the Thoracick Duct in a Humane Subject , and has given a Figure of that Preparation in his Book of Anatomy . But this Figure is imperfect , and the Insertion of the Thoracick Duct so ill drawn , that little can be learnt by it . However , no Anatomist has given any Cut , that demonstrates the Insertions of the Lymphaticks from both Arms and both sides of the Head , & c above the Subclavian Veins , which appear so plain in these Figures , that no Description can make them plainer . Explanation of the Figures . Fig. 12 . Demonstrates the Passages , or Vessels , by which the Chyle and Lympha pass into the Veins of a Dog . 12 , 12 Those Lymphaticks that bring Lympha from the Thighs and lower Parts . 13 , 13 Are lateral Lymphaticks arising from the Groin , Testicles , and neighbouring Parts . 14 The Receptacle of the Chyle . 15 An Indenture in the Receptacle , thro ' which passes one Tendon of the Diaphragm . 16 Lymphaticks from a neighbouring Gland . 17 Some Lymphaticks from the Diaphragm . 18 An Artory that serves the Loins , and runs through a Division of the Receptacle . 19 The Pancreas ~ . 20 The Vasa Lactea 2di Generis . 21 The beginning of the Ductus Thoracicus . 22 Some Divarications of the Ductus . * Barth . p. 620 . 23 The Continuation of the Ductus , and its progress . 24 The Aorta Descendens . N B. 18 , 24 by their Pulsation ( and the Tendon at 15 ) much promote the Ascent of the Chyle and Lympha . 25 A common Divarication of the Duct . 26 A Lymphatick from some neighbouring Gland . 27 A double Lymphatick from the secondary Gland 42 , in Fig. 13 . 28 That part of the Ductus Thoracicus where both its Branches , and the Lymphaticks from the left side of the Head and left Fore-Leg meet . 29 The Lymphaticks from the left side of the Head and left Fore-Leg united ; they lie on the inside of the Vein . 30 A Lymphatick with a Pin in it from a neighbouring Gland , perhaps the Thymus . 31 A Lymphatick from the Neck , & c. It is divided and enters the Jugular by two distinct Branches under the Sacculus 43 . 32 The Lymphatick from the right side of the Head . 33 The Lymphatick from the right Fore-Leg . 34 The large Sacculus , or Receptacle of the Lympha , on the right side , that receives all the Lympha on that side , and conveys it into the Jugular . 35 The Cava Descendens . 36 The Vena Mammaria , which is sometimes single . 37 The Venae Subclaviae . 38 The Vena Vertebralis . 39 The Axillars . 40 The Jugulars . 41 The right internal Jugular not injected . 42 A small secondary Lymphatick Gland on the back part of the top of the Thorax . 43 The Sacculus , that receives all the Chyle and Lympha from the whole Body ( except 30 , 31 , 32 , 33 , 34 . ) and discharges it into the Vein : at least we know of no other Lymphaticks that any where else enter the Veins . 44 A Lymphatick , ( or Membrane , for 'twas not injected ) that joins 29 to the largest Branch of the Ductus Thoracicus . Fig. 13 . Is the upper part of Fig. 12 . revers 'd , the Duct , & c. being turned up , that the insertion , both Sacculi , & c. may be better discovered . This is to be explained by the preceding , and has only from 42 to 44 more Figures than the upper part of Fig. 12 . has ; all which are already taken notice of . N. B. In this Subject the Chyle and Lympha are emptied into the Jugulars , and not into the Axillars ; they are sometimes emptied partly into the Jugular , and partly into the Axillar , or Subclavian . In Men generally into the Subclavian . Fig. 14 . Represents part of the Left Cheek of an Ox , separated from the lower Jaw-bone , with the external Maxillar Glands , its Ducts , & c. 1 , 2 , 3 , & c. to 14 . Bristles inserted into the Ducts of the external Maxillary Gland ll l. These Ducts open sloping into the Mouth , for the better mixture of the Saliva with the Food . 15 The Duct 3 injected with Wax , to discover its division and bigness , in respect of the Orifice . 16 A Lobulus of the Maxillar Gland . Its excretory Duct is filled with Wax , and ends at 15 . 17 The Duct I laid bare and open 'd , to shew its large Cavity , & c. A A , Part of the Muscles and Fat , & c. belonging to the lower Jaw . B B , Part of the internal Membrane that invests the Mouth . abc d , Bristles in those Ducts of the Buccal Glands , n n , that I could pass any into . ee e , Those Orifices of the Buccal Glandules , that were too little to admit Bristles . kk k , The Papillae on the inside of the Mouth . ll l , The Lobes that constitute the external Maxillar Gland . mm m , The Orifices of the Labial Glandules p p , that were too small for passing Bristles . nn n , Buccal Glandules interspersed between the Lobules of the Maxillar Gland . nnn near rr r , Part of the Buccal Glandules , where they appear thickest , and are rais 'd to discover the Ducts rr r , running under them . pp p , The Labial Glandules like the Buccal . Mr. Cowper in Fig. 4 . letters them H , H. rr r , The Ducts mark 'd 6 , to 14 . as they appear under the Glandules n n. N. B. The same Numbers and Letters express the same Things in the following Figures . Fig. 15 . Exhibits part of the left Jaw-bone and Cheek of a Sheep , where the Bristles 1 , 2 , 3 , & c. shew the constant number of excretory Ducts from the external Maxillary Gland in these Animals . Fig. 16 . Shews part of the right Cheek of a large Dog , taken from the lower Jaw-bone . f , The Orifice of Steno 's Salival Duct . g , The Orifice of Nuck 's Duct , which rises as a Papilla on the Membrane B B. h , Nuck 's new Duct , not found in Men , Oxen , or Sheep , but in Dogs , their Orbit not being entirely bony . i , Nuck 's Gland . o o o , The Orifices of some excretory Ducts , belonging to the external Maxillar Gland , that were too strait for the admission of Bristles . q q , The Teeth . In this Subject they are the Teeth of the upper Jaw ; near the second of which , the Orifice of Nuck 's Duct appears . Fig. 17 . Demonstrates the back part ( next the Cutis ) of the external Maxillar Gland of the same Dog , as 'tis beset with the Buccal Glandules . Fig. 18 . Explains the external Maxillar Gland in the right Cheek of a Calf . In this Subject I could only probe two Ducts , 3 , & c. would not admit Bristles . 
A Discourse concerning the Usefulness of Thermometers in Chemical Experiments ; and concerning the Principles on which the Thermometers now in Use have been constructed ; together with the Description and Uses of a Metalline Thermometer , newly invented by Cromwell Mortimer M. D. Sec . R. S. & c. CHEMISTRY being the most extensive Branch of Experimental Philosophy , hath furnish 'd Mankind with the greatest Number of curious and useful Discoveries ; for not only the Art of separating Metals from their Ores , of which Metals are form 'd such Variety of useful Instruments , but likewise Cookery , which is so much concern 'd about the Food of Mankind during Health , and also Pharmacy , which furnishes Medicines for the restoring Health when lost , the Art of Dyeing , and many other useful Manufactures , all owe their Improvements to this Science ; many of which have been light on unexpectedly by the Operator , while 4 he Read May 8 . 1735 . here printed with some he had something else in View : but in many Cases the Chemists complain , that , having once accidentally light on a curious Experiment , upon endeavouring to repeat it , they have never been able to make their Process succeed exactly , as it did the first time , notwithstanding that they made use of the same Materials , in the same Quantity , and conducted the Process thro ' exactly the same Operations . Where then must the Cause of the Miscarriage lie ? Surely in the Degree of Heat made use of in the two Experiments : For , in many common Operations , how usual is it for a Preparation to be spoiled either by too little , or , most commonly , by too much Fire , too long or too short a time applied ! In order therefore to prevent these many Miscarriages , I would advise the Chemist , in his Operations , to observe his Clock with as much Exactness as the Astronomer doth in his Observations ; and in order to know to a Certainty the very Degrees of Heat he ever made use of in any Process , that so he may be able to repeat and continue the same again in any Repetitions of the same Experiment , let him have his Laboratory furnish 'd with various Sorts of Thermometers , proportion 'd to the Degree of Heat he intends to make use of . He will find these Instruments as useful to him in his Processes , as they have proved to the curious . Gardener in his Stoves , who by them is taught to keep his Plants in the same Degrees of Heat , as are natural to them in their respective Climates ; which hath been set forth in Tables , after a very ingenious manner , by Mr. Ssss2 Sheldrake * Sheldrake of Norwich . And besides the enabling him to perform his Operations with more Exactness , these Instruments would save him a great deal of Fuel ; for as Liquors , while boiling , are not capable of receiving a greater Degree of Heat , all Fuel which is used more than to keep them in that State is useless ; and the like happens in many other Cases . These Instruments would also be of great Service to Maltsters , Brewers , Distillers , and Vinegar-makers ; for , by Thermometers placed in different Parts of the Heap of wetted Malt , the proper Heat for its sprouting might be determined , and then regulated : The same for the Heat of the Kiln when the Malt is spread on it . By Thermometers the Brewer may ascertain the Heat of the Water when he pours it upon the Malt , the Heat of the Wort when he sets it to work , and the Heat while working : And in the like manner the Distiller and Vinegar-maker , in a Word , every Artificer , who employs Heat in his Business , may by these Instruments be certain of every Degree necessary in each Part of his Work . Many Experiments shew , that all known Bodies , whether fluid or solid , increase their Bulk or rarefy by an Addition of Heat ; and , on the contrary , contract or become more dense by the Diminution of Heat , which is the Presence of Cold : And these Alterations are always more or less sensible in proportion to the natural Rarity or Density of the Bodies . The * Now Truss-maker over against the End of Suffolk-street near Charing-Cross , London , 1748 . The Air we live in , as it is the most rare and light Fluid , so are its Alterations the most sensible ; and indeed I know of no Experiments which determine how far it is capable of being expanded by Heat , or condensed by Cold ; only we find that it will make its Way thro ' any Fluid in which it lay dormant , when its elastic Property is rouzed by the Approach of such an Heat as will make the Fluid boil . On the other hand , when compress 'd by a Fluid so contracted by Cold , as to freeze , or become solid , its Elasticity will only bear a certain Degree of Compression , till the Force wherewith it endeavours to restore itself , exceeds the Force by which the Parts of the Solid , that confines it , adhere to each other , and so bursts its Prison ; as we often see during hard Frosts in Ice , and likewise Glass , and other hard Bodies , whose Parts cannot stretch . Next to Air is Alcohol , or the highest rectified Spirit of Wine : This , Water , and all other Liquids , are capable of receiving no greater Degree of Heat than what makes them boil , as was first demonstrated by Monsieur Amontons , a Member of the Royal Academy des Sciences at Paris ; but that ingenious Inventor of the Quicksilver Thermometer Mr. Fahrenheit hath discover 'd , that when the Barometer marks a greater Pressure of the Atmosphere , the same Liquor will receive 8 or 9 Degrees more of ~ than when the Barometer is at the lowest . From hence the great Professor Boerhaave gives the Hint , that , from nice Experiments being made of the different Degrees of Heat mark 'd by a Thermometer in boiling Water compared with the different Heights of the Barometer , and Tables ~ upon them , a Thermometer applied to boiling Water might , at Sea , where the Motion of the Ship hinders Observations with the Barometer , serve to determine the Difference of the Gravity of the Atmosphere . See his Chemistry , Tom . I. p. 171 . These , and all other Liquids , by a certain determinate Degree of Cold peculiar to each sort , lose their Fluidity , and freeze , or become solid , but not in the same Order as by Heat they boil ; for by Cold Oil or Water is sooner frozen than Spirit of Wine , tho ' Spirit of Wine will boil sooner than Oil or Water . All solid Bodies likewise , as Minerals , Metals , and even Stones , will become fluid , or melt , at a certain Degree of Heat peculiar to each Species ; and , when thoroughly melted , it is probable they are capable of receiving no higher Degree of Heat ; and , on the Absence of that Heat to a certain Degree , they all return to their natural solid State . Hence we may reasonably conclude , that Solidity is the natural State of all Bodies ; and that some are only accidentally fluid , because their Constitution is such as to melt by those Degrees of Heat which our Atmosphere is most commonly subject to . All solid Bodies are observed to contract themselves into smaller Dimensions by Cold , and gradually to expand themselves at the Approach of Heat , till at last , being by Heat forc 'd to the greatest Degree of Expansion , the Particles of which they are composed losing their Cohesion , they become fluid , but no Experiments have yet been made , which determine whether Solids , exposed to Cold beyond certain Degrees , will cease to contract any more . The learned Dr. Muschenbroek , Prof. of Astronomy at Utrecht , and F. R. S. hath lately invented a very ingenious Instrument , which he calls a Pyrometer and which Dr. Desaguliers hath made some Improvements to * ; a full Description of which he hath given in his Course of Experimental Philosophy , Vol. I. p. 421 . & c. By this Instrument the Elongation of Rods of several Sorts of Metals by the Approach of a certain Number of Flames of a Spirit-Lamp , and likewise their as sudden Contraction , on the extinguishing one or more of those Flames , is render 'd sensible to the Eye : Which sufficiently evidences the Matter of Fact , and puts it beyond all Doubt . From the above-mention 'd Property of Bodies contracting and expanding in Cold and Heat , have all Thermometers been constructed , that have ever been made use of in order to observe and compare the different Degrees of Heat , either in our Atmosphere , or in other Bodies . The most simple and most sensible of any is that aereal Thermometer described by the great Mr. Boyle , in his New Experiments and Observations touching Cold , Lond . 1683 . 410 . p. 39 . It consists of a glass Bubble , with a very slender Stem not bigger than a Raven 's Quill . The Bubble is left full of Air , and a few Drops of Water being convey 'd into the Stem in an erect Position , will there remain suspended to a certain Height ; but , by the least Addition of Heat , the Air in the Bubble expanding will push the Water up higher * This Instrument hath since been greatly improved by that ingenious Watch-maker Mr. John Ellicot , F. R. S. See Phil . Trans. No , 443 . higher ; or , by the Approach of Cold , the Air contracting , the Water will fall lower in the Stem . This Instrument may be of Use in small Degrees of Heat , and in Cold , till the Water begins to freeze , when it becomes useless . The next in Order of Sensibility is that first invented by Cornelius Drebbelius of Alcmar , and improved by Boerhaave . ( See his Chemistry , Tom . I. p. 152 , & 153 . ) It consists of an hollow glass Lens joined to a Stem of a larger Size than in the preceding , and a Bason into which the End of the Stem is inverted . The Air in the Lens must be so much rarefied , that the Stem being inverted into a tinged Liquor in the Bason , the Liquor will rise up some way in the Stem ; then , by the Application of Heat to the Lens , the Liquor in the Stem will be push 'd down , and by Cold the Liquor will rise up . This Instrument will give Notice of the smallest Changes in the Air ; but it cannot be immersed into any Liquid for chemical Experiments , unless the Stem were made much longer , and bent down in Form of a Syphon : But even then it would be very unhandy , and , like the preceding , it would never serve for any Degree below what would freeze the Liquor made use of , nor for any above what would force out the confin 'd Air through the Liquor in the Bason . Besides , both these Instruments , being subject to the Pressure of the Atmosphere , are not proper , without comparing the Barometer at the same time , to determine the Degrees of Heat at a great Distance of Time between each Experiment . The most usual Sort of Thermometers is that described in the Account of the Experiments by the Academy of Cemento ; which being the common ones , made of Spirit of Wine ting 'd , it is needless to describe . The Bounds of the Degrees of Heat which these will measure , and which is commonly called the Range of the Instrument , are from the Degree which freezes Spirit of Winc , up to that which makes it boil . The Spirit-Thermometers , commonly made here in London , are so graduated , that when the Spirit is rarefied to the Degree that the most sultry Sunshine commonly known in our Climate of 51~1/ 2 N. Lat. can raise it , there is placed the Mark 0 . or Degree of no Cold . Some few are mark 'd 10 or 20 above this , if they are design 'd to be used in hotter Climates ; but all are graduated downwards from this : So that the 45~ . is the Point of temperate , and 65~ . is the Point of freezing , and 100~ . is plac 'd just above the Ball . But the most accurate Spirit-Thermometers are those lately made by the ingenious Mr. Reaumur , Member of the Royal Academy of Sciences at Paris ; he hath taken a great deal of Pains , and used great Exactness , in fixing the certain Points of freezing of Water , of temperate Air , and boiling Water . He determines the freezing Point , by leaving his Thermometer a considerable time in Water , into which is put a good deal of Ice , at a time when the Water would not freeze of itself ; and this he marks 0 . or the Degree of no Heat ; and his Scale is mark 'd with Numbers running downwards from 0 . measuring the Degrees of Cold , and upwards measuring the Degrees of Heat : At 10 1/ 5 upwards he marks the Point of Temperate , which he determines by placing his Instrument in a subterranean Cavern , which is neither affected by Frost nor Sunshine , but is observed to keep an equable Temperature all the Year round ; such as deep Cellars and Wine Valuts commonly do . In boiling Water he finds that his Thermometer rises to his 80th Division , * or 80 Degrees , which are formed by dividing the Spirit when condensed to the freezing Point , into 1000 equal Parts ; so that , with the Heat which makes Water boil , the Spirit is expanded only 80/ 1000 , more than with the Cold which freezes Water . These Spirit-Thermometers are of Use in Experiments where somewhat greater Cold than the freezing of Water is required ; but they can never be of Use in any Degrees of Heat beyond the boiling of the Spirit itself ; because it then becomes volatile , or rises up in Steam , and not only expands no more , but likewise the Quantity is diminished by the Particles which fly up from the Surface of the Liquor , and are suspended in the Top of the Tube . Many have filled their Thermometers with various Sorts of Oils ~ : These indeed will measure many Degrees above the boiling of Water , till they boil themselves ; and then they have the same Defect as the Spirit * But , with Submission to so great a Man , I cannot apprehend that his Thermometers , when the Spirits are raised up to 80 do mark any greater Degree of Heat than their own specific boiling Heat , which , if they are Alcohol , or the most rectified Spirits , answer to 174 . of Fahrenheit 's Scale ; if of the Strength of common Brandy to 190 . ~ See Dr. Martin 's Essays Med. ~ Philos . Spirit ones just mention 'd , which is the Liquor losing of its Bulk by Evaporation ; and they congeal much sooner than Water , and so are useless in measuring any Degrees of Cold . The most useful Instruments , as they comprehend the largest Range , are the Mercurial Thermometers , which were brought into Use by that ingenious Artificer Fahrenheit , F. R. S. ( See Phil . Trans. No. 381 . ) : But , to do Justice to a most worthy Member of the Royal Society , namely , Dr. Halley , he first gave the Hint , and even proposed the making Thermometers of Quicksilver long before Fahrenheit 's Time ( See Phil . Trans. No. 197 . p. 652 . ) . However , Fahrenheit deserves Thanks from the World for having brought these Instruments into Use , because they will measure the greatest Degrees of Cold yet known ; for no Cold hitherto observed hath been able to freeze or render Mercury solid : And in measuring Heat , they go far beyond boiling Water , even beyond the melting of Tin or Lead . Fahrenheit begins his Scale from 0 . the Point to which the Mercury hath been observed to fall by the greatest Cold in Ysland ; and com putes , that the Mercury then * occupies 11124 Parts . This is his Point of no Heat . Then reckoning upwards from this , he finds that when the Mercury is rarefied only 32 Parts or Degrees more , common Water just begins to freeze : In a temperate Air it will rise to about 60 . The most sultry Sunshine seldom raises it to 90 ; the Heat of an animal Body to 96 ; the boiling of Alcohol to 174 ; the boiling of * See ~ . Chem. Tom . I. p. 174 . of Water to 212 ; and before the Mercury itself boils , it will rise to 600 . I cannot here forbear giving an Abstract of a very curious and surprising Experiment of Fahrenheit 's , concerning the artificial Production of Cold , as it is related by Boerhaave in his Chemistry , Tom . I. p. 164 . Fahrenheit had a Mercurial Thermometer made with so long a Stem , that he could carry down the Scale 76 Parts or Degrees below 0 . With this Instrument he found , that Cold might be produced by gradually pouring Spirit of Nitre upon powder 'd Ice , till the Mercury would subside to 40~ below 0 . that is 72~ * lower than the Cold which freezes common Water . Boerhaave , in his Chemistry , Tom . I. p. 161 . mentions a very pretty Way of determining the freezing Point : He advises to hang the Thermometer free in the open Air , not against any Wall or Building ; and near it you must hang a Piece of very fine Linen or Muslin just dipp 'd in clean Water : When this begins to grow stiff , you will find the Mercury stand at about the 33d Degree ; and it will also stand at the same Height when an hoar Frost appears upon the Ground ; which he looks upon as a certain Sign of the Beginning of freezing . Having thus given an Account of the several Sorts of Thermometers hitherto used , and what Degrees of Heat they are proper to measure , we find none of them capable of measuring the greater Degrees of Heat , which are the most commonly made use of * But what is this to the marvellous natural Cold of Siberia , 120~ . below 0 ? See the Preface to ? Flora Siberica . Petrop . 1747 . ~ . of by the Chemists in many of their Operations . Besides , all the above Instruments , being made of Glass , are easily broken by Accidents , and as liable to crack of themselves , by being taken out of a great Heat , and too suddenly exposed to Cold . I therefore consider 'd whether the above-mention 'd Property of Solids , and especially of Metals contracting with Cold , and expanding with Heat , might not be applied to the Construction of an Instrument capable of measuring all Degrees even of the greatest Cold , as well as the greatest Heat , to the melting Copper or Iron , which require more Heat than any other Metals to melt them . Altho ' the Alterations in Metals are but small , in respect of those in Spirits , or even Mercury , yet it being found , that Iron , e. g. becomes 1/ 60 longer * when red-hot , than when of its natural Temperature ; and Dr. Derham , in his last Paper read before the Royal Society concerning the Vibration of Pendulums , says , that a Rod 39.126/ 1000 Inches long , becomes 1/ 10 Inch longer than its natural Dimensions in temperate Air , by being exposed to Heat equal to that of an human Body ; 2/ 100 Inch longer in hot Sunshine ; that it was 2/ 10 or 1/ 5 Inch longer than its natural State , by being heated in a flaming Heat ; that it became 7/ 100 shorter than its natural Length by being quenched in cold Water ; and still 3/ 100 shorter , by being put into a Mixture of Salt and Snow . From which Experiments one may conclude , that from Fahrenheit 's Cold of 40 below 0 . to the greatest Heat Iron can bear without melting , a Rod of three Feet long will have about 1/ 4 Inch Increase ; which Increase of Length will be Range enough * Vide Sturm . Coll . enough to make all the intermediate Degrees observable upon an Instrument . Suppose in Fig. 1 . TAB . II . AB a Rod of Iron at its natural Length by the Heat of the Atmosphere , placed upright upon one End ; upon the Point of that rests a Bar CD moveable on an Axis at a ; and that , by making a Fire about the End B of the Rod , till it is just ready to melt , the Rod will increase in Length A b , and consequently push the Bar into the Situation c d. Now it is obvious to any one who understands ever so little of Mechanics , that tho ' the Elongation of the Rod Ab be even scarce perceptible to the Eye , yet if upon the Bar CD the Distance aA from the Axis to the Place where the Rod BA pushes against it be very small , and the other Part of the Bar aD very long , the Arch Dd may be increased at Pleasure , so as to bear to be divided into any Number of Divisions that shall be found necessary : For the Arch Dd will always be to the Arch Cc in the same Proportion as the Distance Da is to aC ; and likewise the Chords of these Arches Dd and Ab will be in the same Proportion ; ~ , ~ , is the Situation of the Lever on the Level ; and if it be found inconvenient to make the Arm aD so long , as to make very minute Alterations in the Length of the Rod AB easily observable , this Inconveniency may be readily removed by having a second Bar E F , turning on the Axis g , whose Arm gE bearing up against the Extremity D of the first Bar or Lever , will rise with it , or be press 'd down by it ; and the other Arm gF being lengthen 'd at Pleasure , the Arch Ff will be as large as you find convenient ; or even a third and fourth Lever may be added . When I first designed to have an Instrument constructed answering to the foregoing Principles of Fig. 1 . I drew a Figure of it , wherein I proposed the Lever AD to have terminated in two Arches of Circles made out of one Piece of Brass ; the smaller Arch formed on the Radius aA to be loaded with a Quantity of Metal sufficient to overcome all the Friction of the several Parts , so as to press down with a considerable Weight , and always to rest upon the Point A of the upright Rod A B ; at a the Axis , on which they were to turn ; and the larger Arch form 'd on the Radius aD , was proposed to be a Sextant , the outward Edge of which was to be toothed , which Teeth were to play into the Teeth of a small brass Wheel carrying a steel Index like the Minutehand of a Clock , which small Wheel with the Hand was to make one Revolution nearly by the utmost Rise and Fall of the Sextant at D ; or , instead of Teeth , I proposed a Piece of a Watch-Chain to be fasten 'd to the upper Limb of the Sextant , and so to be brought downwards , and passing nearly round the small Wheel in one Groove , to be fasten 'd to it : In another Groove in this small Wheel was another Piece of Watch-Chain to be fasten 'd , which , being passed contrarywise round the said Wheel , was to have a Weight hung to it that would be a Counterpoise to the Sextant ; but , upon consulting my two ingenious Friends Mr. Geo . Graham and Mr. John Ellicot two worthy Members of this Society , they each of them persuaded me to lay aside that more complexed Construction , and to have the Instrument made in the plain and simple manner in which Mr. Jackson executed it for me in the Year 1736 . as is represented in Fig. 2 and 3 . TAB . II . The Description of the Instrument . Fig. 2 . ABa round Rod of Steel or Brass a Quarter of an Inch thick , and 3 Feet 1 Inch long : When the Rod is of Brass 3 Feet long , the Point A must be of Steel 1 Inch long , to prevent its wearing away , or losing its Point ; which conical Point is made to screw on and off . I had the first Rods made 1 1/ 2 Inch thick at B , and of the same Thickness 6 Inches up ; but I found Inconveniences from that Form , and that a Rod all of a Size was better . CD , c d , are two iron Supporters , joined by a flat cross Bar at Bottom Dd two Inches long , in the middle of which is a Point 1/ 8 Inch high under B , which goes into an Hole at the Bottom of the Rod B , and serves to keep the Rod in its Place at Bottom , as the cross Bar ** having an Hole in it , thro ' ~which the Rod passes , does in the middle or about 2/ 3 up the Supporters , and the Point A goes into a small Hole in the under Side of the Lever ; all which keep the upright Rod firm and steady in its Place . The iron Supporters are flat , or parallel to the Front of the Machine from C to X and c to x , where they are twisted half-round , so that the lower Parts XD , stand at right Angles with the upper Parts . This Contrivance gives the freer Access to the Rod for the Sand or Fluid into which the Machine is set to measure the Heat of it , the Supporters standing 2 Inches asunder at Dd ; and that the Degrees of Heat may be compared uniformly in different Experiments , the Bottom of the Rod must always be immersed to the same Height in the Matter to be examined ; and therefore I make a Mark , a small Furrow ~ quite round the Rod , 1 1/ 2 Inch from the Bottom B. For the deeper the Rod is immersed into any Matter , it will be lengthen 'd the more by the same Degree of Heat . E F , the Lever , which turns upon an Axis G. At F is fastened a String , which , passing twice round the small Pulley H , has a Weight I hanging to the other End of it , of about half a Pound , being enough to keep the String always stretch 'd . At the other End E of the Lever is hung another Weight L , which must be heavy enough not only to counterbalance the longer Arm G F , but press down upon the Point A with a Weight sufficient to keep its steady . MNO , is the back Part of the Plate , like the Dial-Plate of a Clock made of Brass . See the Front of it at Fig. 3 . The Pulley H turns upon an Axis C in Fig. 3 . which goes thro ' the Plate , and on the other Side or Front of the Dial-Plate carries a Hand or Index AB in Fig. 3 . N. B. G being the Fulcrum of the Lever , the Distance GA being very small , and the Distance GF being very great , the smallest Motion at A will produce a very great one at F , and therefore the Index will turn very sensibly upon the Plate . The Proportions of the Rod and Lever are discretionary ; my Rods both of Steel and Brass are 3 Feet long in one solid Piece , but they have each a Point or Cone of Steel 1 Inch high , that screws upon the Top at A. The Lever has 4 Inches from E to A , 11/ 5 Inch from A to G , and 12 Inches from G to F ; the Distance of G above c is 11/ 2 Inch , the brass Pulley H is 1/ 2 Inch Diameter ; all the other Parts of the Machine are of Oak . The main Support or Pillar PQ is 1 Inch square , 21/ 2 Feet high , and at Bottom is let thro ' a Groove at Q made in a great heavy Block or Pedestal of Wood RS . In this Groove the Pillar may be raised higher or lower , in order to adjust the Height of the Pillar to the Situation , which the Bottom of the Rod AB may require in different Experiments ; and it is to be fixed in that Place by a Screw at T , which goes thro ' the Front of the Block , and presses against the Bottom of the Pillar . Fig. 3 . represents the Dial-Plate , or Front of the Plate mark 'd MNO : In Fig. 2 . it is a Plate of Brass , with strong Paper glued upon it , and may be of what Size you please ; mine is 11 Inches over . AB is the Hand or Index , which slips on very stiff upon the Axis C , that carries the Pulley H in Fig. 2 . The outer Circle is to be left wide enough to contain the chemical Characters or Marks which are to be made upon it , the Arch DE contains the Divisions of Fahrenheit 's Mercurial Thermometer ; the Arc FG those of Reaumur , or the Spirit of Wine Thermometer . In order to adjust this Instrument for Use I place the Bottom of the Rod B in Fig. 2 . immersed up to the Mark ~ in cold River or Rain-Water , in a Vessel proper to be set over the Fire ; and when it has boiled for a Quarter of an Hour , I turn the Index AB in Fig. 3 . till it stands in the horizontal Position , as at B , being the Point of boiling-hot Water , and which answers to Division 212 on Fahrenheit 's Arch. I then take it out of the Water , and dry it , by holding it a little over the Fire : And now great Care must be taken , that nothing alters the Situation of the Index upon the Axis ; even a Nut to screw on upon the Axis at C may be the best to keep it fixed . If the Instrument be left to cool in the Air , the Index will fall below B , shewing the Degrees of Cold , or less Heat than boiling Water ; and if put into melting Tin , Lead , & c. it will shew the Degrees of Heat above boiling Water . A brass Rod will serve for an Instrument to measure the greatest Degrees of Cold , and all the Degrees of Heat , to the melting of Silver or Gold ; but if you have a Mind to make one to measure greater Degrees of Heat , the Rod must be of Steel , or the finest Iron . A Rod of Brass , according to Dr. Muschen . broek 's Experiments , l. c. was found to lengthen 377 , when one of Iron lengthen 'd only 230 Parts . An iron Rod , being regulated by boiling Water , as above directed , will measure not only the Heat of melted Tin and Lead , but of Silver , Gold , and Copper , and will even shew the Degree when Iron itself begins to melt , which will be the greatest Degree of Elongation of the Rod just before the Bottom of it runs ; and I imagine , that an Instrument may be constructed with Supporters , and a Rod made of Tobacco-pipe Clay , which , being regulated by boiling Mercury ( for it must never touch Water ) , may be adapted to measure still greater Degrees of Heat , till the Materials themselves melt into Glass . I should advise , that not only the Scale of this sort of Thermometer , but likewise of all others , be determined by Experiments , without regarding any Equality as to Measure between the Divisions , and that in every Individual that shall be made ; for a Difference in the Length and Thickness of the Rods in this sort will make a Difference in the Scale , as much or more than the Inequality in the Cavity of the Stem , or glass Tube of other Thermometers , which can never be just , if applied to a Scale whose Divisions are made equal ; unless the Cavity of the Stem be perfectly equal , which it is impossible for any Workman to undertake to do , and which is very seldom , if ever , hit on by chance . Therefore , in these Instruments , let the Point B in Fig. 3 . or the horizontal Position of the Index , be the Situation of the Index when the Rod has stood a Quarter of an Hour in boiling Water ; there mark ~ boiling on the outer Circle ; on Fahrenheit 's Arch mark 212 . then set your Machine up to the Mark + into melting Tin , which is the Metal that melts easiest . When the Rod is arrived to its greatest Elongation in that Metal , inscribe the Character ~ on the outer Circle ; do the like with Lead , and set the Character ~ at it . At the boiling of Mercury put the Mark ~ , and on Fahrenheit 's Arch mark 600 . the utmost Extent his Mercurial Instruments can measure : Then proceed to the melting of Silver , and set the Mark ~ ; at the melting of Gold place the Mark ~ ; at the melting of Copper place the Mark ~ ; at the melting of Iron place the Mark ~ , the most difficult to melt of all Metals . As the Divisions pointed out by the Index will be different with Rods of different Metals or Substances , you may make different Circles upon the Plate for the Range of the different Rods , and mark them ; the Iron Rod , the Brass Rod , the Clay Rod ; and set the several Marks above specified upon each Circle apart ; or you may , to avoid Confusion , have a different Instrument for each kind of Rod . Being obliged to take down my Athanor and Wind-Furnace , upon removing twice to different Houses , and not having rebuilt them where I now live , I have not had Opportunities yet of fixing the Scale of my own Instrument , which was one Reason why I did not publish an Account of my Invention sooner ; for I hope hereafter to be able to compare the Degrees of Heat necessary for the melting of each Metal , and to determine the Question whether Metals in the highest Degree of Fusion are susceptible of greater Degrees of Heat by increasing the Fire , as Water thoroughly boiling can never be made hotter ; nor did I intend to have publish 'd any Description of this Instrument till I had completed Tables of the Degrees of Cold and Heat , from Fahrenheit 's Experiment of Cold produced by Art 40 Degrees below 0 to the Heat of melting Iron . According to Fahrenheit 's Scale , the Heat of the strongest Sunshine is at about 80 . Spirit of Wine boils at 176 . Water at 212 . the Lixivium of Salt of Tartar at 240 . Spirit of Nitre at 242 . Oil of Vitriol at 546 . Quicksilver at 600 * . As * See Augustin . Grischow Thermometria comparata accuratius , & Harmonica . Berolini 1740 . 4to . p. 10 . As all chemical Digestions , where an equable Heat is to be continued for some time together , will come in between hot Sunshine and the boiling of Quicksilver , a Thermoscope of that Range will be sufficient for common Uses ; and therefore one fitted with a brass Rod will answer these Purposes . In large Furnaces for running down Ores , or melting great Quantities of Metal together , it is not possible to place such an Instrument ; but then in Lead and Tin there may be small Outlets contrived , into which some of the melted Metal may be permitted to flow , and remain in Contact with the same Body of Metal within , where the Instrument may be placed ; and for placing a Thermoscope in Iron , Copper , or Glass Furnaces , there may be a Place contrived , which shall not open into the Furnace , but have the Thickness of a Stone or Brick left between , upon which the Instrument may be plac 'd ; and tho ' in such a Situation it will not measure the actual Heat within the Furnace , it will always give the relative or comparative Heat in the like Circumstances at different Times , and so shew us how to regulate the Heat within . Altho ' a Chemist shall have one of these Instruments to measure the Heat , he shall have used in any Experiment , and have noted down the several Degrees made use of , and the Time each lasted , he still labours under another Difficulty , which is the not being able to command any required Heat , and that it shall last a certain required Time , unless it be below that of boiling Water , which may be procured and continued by various Contrivances of Lamps , either of Spirits , or of Oil ; but how to continue a Fire for 12 or 24 Hours together , without Attendance , which shall continually keep Quicksilver boiling , Lead in Fusion , or may be let down so low as not to exceed the Heat of Sunshine , and then be raised again , and that without letting out the Fire , or moving the Vessels , may seem almost impracticable ; but by an Improvement of the Furnace the antient Chemists call 'd their Athanor , I hope to succeed in it , which may be the Subject of another Paper . The Rev. Stephen Hales D. D. that most worthy Member of the Royal Society , to whom the World is greatly indebted for many accurate Experiments , and useful Discoveries , upon hearing the Minutes of my Paper deliver 'd in to the Royal Society , on May 8 . 1735 . read upon the Thursday following , desired me to lend him the Original for some Days , telling me he had some Thoughts of making a Thermoscope with a Rod of Lead . After a few Days he returned me my Paper , with the following obliging Letter , and kind Remarks . SIR , IHAVE read over your Thermometrical Tract with Satisfaction , and believe it will be of good Use . The Want of ascertaining the Degrees of Heat and Cold is a great and important Desideratum in Experimental Philosophy . What I intended to do was only this , viz . to get a leaden Wire , of such a Size and Strength as to bear its own Weight , to have it as long as the longest Gun-barrel I could procure , and to have it sustain a Lever as you have done ; then to pour boiling Water into the Barrel , for a long time , till the Lever rises no more ; the Water to have Vent at the Bottom , yet so as to have the Gun-barrel always full of Water ; the Breech-Pin to be out , and the leaden Rod to rest on a Piece of Wood set upright , according to the Cource of its Fibres , not sideways . To give at the same time to a Mercurial Thermometer the Heat of boiling Water . Then to take the freezing Point of the Leaden and Mercurial Thermometers ; and afterwards to graduate all the intermediate Degrees , from the Mercurial Thermometer upon the Leaden Thermo meter , as they occur . Thus a Standard Thermometer may be made to graduate others by ; but I will not now set about it , since you have undertaken the Subject . His Remarks on the foregoing Paper . Page . 673 . Thermometers must be of excellent Use in Garden-Stoves ; but foreign Plants must not be kept in an equal Degree of Heat in Stoves , to that of their native Country ; viz . because they cannot bear as great a Heat in a confined close Air , as in an open free Air . I have been told of Coffee-Trees being killed here in England by this Mistake : Such Plants must doubtless be kept warm * , but not so warm as in their native Country . P. *I should think it best to lessen the Heat in Stoves towards the Night , and so to keep the Plants exposed to less Degrees of Heat a-nights than a-days , nay to vary the Heat daily , or to endeavour by Art to procure different Degrees of Heat , agreeable to the natural Vicissitudes of the Climate the Plants come from , having Regard both to the Seasons of the Year , and the State of flowering or Fructification of the Plants ; so that the best Way of ranging Plants in Green-houses or Stoves is according to the Climates they come from ; for which Mr. Sheldrake 's Tables above-mentioned , p. 674 . must be of excellent Use . C. M. P. 676 . [ All solid Bodies are observed to contract with Cold . ] I have found that Wood does not contract or dilate lengthways with Heat or Cold . I am told that Mr. George Graham [ is about making ] this Experiment , as I am also , in order to regulate Pendulums . P. 682 . I fear that Boerhaave 's wet Linen , which is so thin , may begin to freeze before all the Mercury or Spirit of Wine in the Ball of the Thermometer has the same Degree of Cold : Tho ' hanging there long before and after freezing will bring it pretty near . P. 683 . [ A Rod of Iron 3 Feet long will have about 1/ 4 Inch Increase ] or 1/ 144th Part . 
XIV . An Inquiry into the Quantity and Direction of the proper Motion of Arcturus ; with some Remarks on the Diminution of the Obliquity of the Ecliptic : By Thomas Hornsby , M. A. Savilian Professor of Astronomy in the University of Oxford , and F. R. S. AS an accurate knowledge of the position of the fixed stars is of the greatest importance , being the basis and foundation of astronomy , it is no wonder that the astronomers of different nations have given great attention to this matter . By comparing antient with the best modern observations , it appears that some of the fixed stars have a proper motion , independent of any motion hitherto known in our own system ; or that , in other words , the angular distances of the fixed stars have not always continued the same , and in some of them the alteration is so very considerable as to be easily perceived in the course of a few years , with instruments accurately made , and nicely adjusted . Of all the stars visible in our hemisphere , the variation in the place of Arcturus is the most remarkable , and such as cannot possibly be attributed to the uncertainty of observation . It has accordingly been taken notice Read Dec. 24 , tice of by many astronomers : in particular , Dr. Halley mentions it in No 355 of the Philosophical Transactions : Mr. Cassini , in the Memoirs of the Academy of Sciences for 1738 , p. 231 , has shewn , that there is a variation of five minutes in the latitude of that star between his own time and that of Tycho , in an interval of a century and a half : and M. le Monnier , in the Memoirs of the Academy of Sciences for 1767 , p. 417 , proves , that the latitude of Arcturus varies at the rate of two seconds every year ; and that the longitude decreases at the rate of 60~ in a hundred years * . But as an inquiry as well into the true quantity as into the direction of this motion has not hitherto been made public , I propose to give some account of my own observations made expressly with this view in the years 1767 and 1768 , with a transit instrument of 44 inches , and a moveable mural quadrant of 33 inches , both constructed by Mr. Bird , and of the conclusions resulting from a comparison between them and some observations made by Mr. Flamsteed in 1690 . It may perhaps be objected , that the differences of right ascension , as determined by Mr. Flamsteed 's mural instrument , are not to be depended upon from the very nature of his instrument . Mr. Flamsteed was himself too good an observer not to be aware of this ; and accordingly in the Prolegomena to the third volume of the Historia Caelestis , p. 132 , he informs us in what manner he determined the error of * See also the Memoirs of the Academy of Sciences for 1769 , p. 21 . See also Astronomiae Fundamenta , by the Abbe de la Caille ; who , in reducing his observations of Arcturus , supposes the annual motion of declination in that star =19~,0 . p. 169 , and 187 . the plane at different distances from the zenith . By distributing these errors in the best manner I could , I am of opinion , that the error of the plane of his instrument may be supposed to decrease uniformly at the rate of half a second in time for every degree of zenith distance from 28~ to 60~ , the error being 39~ at the former , and 23~ at the latter , by which quantity stars passed the horary wire , in his instrument , before they came to the true meridian . It should seem also that the error continued nearly the same from 60 to 75 degrees , being at the latter only 22~ : but that it decreased irregularly from 75~ to 85~ , viz . 1~ in time for each degree from 75~ to 80~ , and 0~ , 4 for each degree from 80~ to 85 degrees . The mural arc was fixed upon a stone pier , the southern part of which was found to settle yearly , from whence the error of the line of collimation to the south necessarily became every successive year greater and greater . As Mr. Flamsteed seems not to have had any method of adjusting his instrument by a plumb-line , these errors must have been irregular at different seasons of the same year , and were perhaps never truly determined . But as the observations here referred to were made on the same day , and within the compass of an hour , they are probably not affected with this latter error . We are at present concerned with the difference of two zenith distances , and not with the absolute quantity of those zenith distances . The conclusions may indeed be affected with an error in the divisions ; and from the examination which I have been able to make , I am of opinion that the arc of Mr. Flamsteed 's instrument was not of the proper quantity ; and that , though the observations generally erred in defect , they in some parts erred in excess . On the 14th of February , 1690 , Mr. Flamsteed observed , that a small star , of the seventh or eighth magnitude , whose place is not determined in the British catalogue , and which star was named by him Infra Arcturum , preceded Arcturus three seconds in time , or 3~ , 3 , when an allowance is made for the error of the plane of the instrument= 0~ 42~ , 6 , and was 26~ 30~ to the south of Arcturus * . By a mean of eight observations made at Oxford , on and near June the 10th , 1767 , with the transit instrument , and with a refracting telescope of eight feet , furnished with a micrometer ; the difference of right ascension was 1~ , 8~ , 75 of a degree , the star following Arcturus ; and by a mean of three observations , the extremes differing only 3~ , the small star was 23~ 55~ , 0 to the south of Arcturus . The right ascension of Arcturus and the small star being nearly the same , the change in declination ought to be so likewise . But , from the observed difference in declination , the right ascension of the two stars must vary unequally , though with a very small difference . Accordingly it appears from computation ( in which the annual precession is supposed = 50~ , 35 , the obliquity of the ecliptic at the middle of the interval of the time = 23~ 28~ 30~ , and the right ascensions and declinations of the two stars taken at a mean between the times of observation ) that the variation of Arcturus in right ascension was , 6 , and of the small star , 6 in * This is the only observation of that star made by Mr. Flamsteed . years . Therefore the right ascension of Arcturus alters less than that of the star ; and consequently Arcturus should in 1767 have followed the star by . But the star was observed to follow Arcturus by 1~ 8~ , 75 . The right ascension therefore of Arcturus has increased less than that of the star , or Arcturus has moved westward 1~ 51~ , 35 in years ; and has gone southward 2~ 35~ in the same time , supposing the small star not to have moved , which is highly probable . On the same day the difference of right ascension in time between the star n Bootis and Arcturus was 21~ 32~ of mean solar time , = 5~ 24~ 02~ , 2 , when a proper allowance is made for the going of the clock , and for the error of the plane of the instrument ; and the difference of declination was 50~ 45~ , 6 , when an allowance is made for refraction . On the 24th , 26th , and 29th of May , and the 9th of June , of the year 1768 , I determined the difference in right ascension to be 21~ 27~ of sidereal time by the two former observations , and 21~ 263/ 4~ by the two latter , the difference in declination being 49~ 48~ , 7 , by a mean of the observations in May , the extremes differing only four seconds . It appears from computation , that between the times of observation the variation of n Bootis in right ascension was , 7 , and , 3 , in declination ; of Arcturus , 7 in right ascension , and , 9 in declination : The difference of variation in right ascension is 1~ 0~ , and of declination 1~ 9~ , 4 ; by the former the difference in right ascension was diminished , and in declination increased by the latter , agreeably to the places of the two stars . The difference in right ascension therefore in 1768 , if neither of the stars had moved , should have been = 5~ 23~ 02~ , 2 , and 51~ 55~ in declination ; but they were observed to be 5~ 21~ 43~ , 4 , and 49~ 48~ , 7 . Arcturus therefore by this observation has in 78,257 years gone 1~ 18~ , 8 to the west , and 2~ 06~ , 3 to the south , supposing n Bootis not to have any proper motion . On the 5th of April , 1691 , the difference in right ascension between n Bootis and Arcturus was 21~ 33~ of mean solar time , = 5~ 24~ 14~ , 0 ; and the difference of declination 50~ 45~ , 6 , as in the preceding example . The difference of variation in right ascension is 59~ , 1 , and in declination 1~ 8~ , 4~ The difference of right ascension therefore at the latter end of May , 1768 , should have been 5~ 23~ 14~ , 9 , and 51~ 54~ , 0 in declination ; but , according to observation , they were 5~ 21~ 43~ , 4 , and 49~ 48~ , 7 . Arcturus therefore , according to this observation , has moved 1~ 31~ , 5 to the west , and 2~ 05~ , 3 to the south in 77 , 120 years . On the 4th of May , 1691 , the difference of right ascension between n Bootis and Arcturus was 21~ 33~ of mean solar time , = 5~ 24~ 14~ , 3 when allowance is made for the going of the clock and the error of the plane of the instrument , and the difference of declination on the 3d of May = 50~ 50~ , 6 . According to computation , those differences should have been 5~ 23~ 15~ , 2 and 51~ 59~ , 0 respectively ; but they were observed to be 5~ 21~ 43~ , 4 , and 49~ 48~ , 7 . Arcturus therefore in 77,071 years has moved 1~ 31~ , 8 westward , and 2~ 10~ , 3 southward . N. B. The zenith-distance of Arcturus , as as determined by Mr. Flamsteed , on the 4th of May , is manifestly erroneous . On the 27th of May , 1692 , n Bootis preceded Arcturus in right ascension by 21~ 32~ , 5 of mean solar time , = 5~ 24~ 10~ , 1 , the difference of declination being 50~ 50~ , 6 . In years the difference of right ascension should have been 5~ 23~ 11~ , 8 and 51~ 58~ , 0 in declination ; but those differences were observed to be 5~ 21~ 43~ , 4 and 49~ 48~ , 7 . Arcturus therefore has moved 1~ 28~ , 4 westward , and 2~ 09~ , 3 southward . On the 27th of May , 1692 , Arcturus preceded ~ Bootis in right ascension by 24~ 35~ , 5 of mean solar time , = 6~ 9~ 32~ , 2 , when an allowance is made for the going of the clock and the error of the plane of the instrument , the difference of declination being 3~ 2~ 28~ , 9 . On the 24th and 26th of May , and 5th of June , 1768 , the difference of right ascension between the same stars observed at Oxford was 24~ 44~ , 58 of sidereal time , = 6~ 11~ 9~ , 1 , the difference of declination being 2~ 58~ 24~ , 2 . In 1768 , the difference of right ascension should have been 2~ , 7 greater , = 6~ 9~ 34~ , 9 ; and the difference of declination 1~ 31~ , 7 less , = 3~ 0~ 57~ , 2 . But they were observed to be 6~ 11~ 9~ , 1 , and 2~ 58~ 24~ , 2 . Arcturus therefore in years has , by a comparison with this star , moved 1~ 34~ , 2 westward , and 2~ 33~ , 0 southward . Again , the difference of declination between Arcturus and ~ Bootis was observed to be 3~ 2~ 33~ , 9 on the 14th of February , 1690 , when the difference of right ascension between these two stars was not observed by Mr. Flamsteed . It appears by computation , tation , that the difference of variation in declination between the times of observation was 1~ 34~ , 5 , by which quantity the difference of declination was diminished , and should therefore in 1768 have been 3~ 0~ 59~ , 4 . But it was 2~ 58~ 24~ , 2 by actual observation . Arcturus therefore by this observation has moved southward 2~ 35~ , 2 in years . By the foregoing comparisons Arcturus appears to have moved as in the following table . years . ' ' ' ' ' ' By the small star Feb. 14 , 1690 , in 77,237 1 51,35 2 35,0 n Bootis Feb. 14 , 1690 , in 78,257 1 18,8 2 6,3 n Bootis Apr. 5 , 1691 , in 77,120 1 31,5 2 5,3 n Bootis May 4 , 1691 , in 77,071 1 31,8 2 10,3 n Bootis May 27 , 1692 , in 1 28,4 2 9,3 By ~ Bootis May Bootis Feb. 14 , 1690 , in 78,257 not obs . 2 35,2 As the quantity of the motion of Arcturus southward in declination , as deduced from a comparison with n Bootis , differs considerably from the quantities given by the small star and ~ Bootis , which agree very nearly together , I have compared n Bootis with some of the neighbouring stars , as that star , though of the third magnitude only , may have a small motion of its own . On the 14th of February , 1690 , the difference of declination between n and ~ Bootis was observed by Mr. Flamsteed to be = 2~ , 1~ 47~ , 8 . By computation , that difference in 1768 should have been 2~ 43~ , 9 less , = 2~ 9~ 3~ , 9 : but it was actually observed to be 2~ 8~ 34~ , 3 only . The star n Bootis therefore appears by this comparison to have moved southward 29~ , 6 in 78,257 years . On the 27th of May , 1692 , n Bootis was observed by Mr. Flamsteed to be 2~ 11~ 37~ , 8 to the north of ~ Bootis , which quantity should by computation be 2~ 39~ , 1 less in 1768 , or 2~ 8~ 58~ , 7 . But it was found to be 2~ 8~ 34~ , 3 . The star n therefore appears to have moved southward 0~ 24~ , 4 in years . On the 25th of April , 1693 , n Bootis was observed to be 40~ 20~ , 8 to the south of f Bootis , a star of the 6th magnitude ; and by myself that difference was observed to be 42~ 37~ , 5 , by taking the mean of two observations on the 24th and 26th of May , 1768 , differing only 4~ , 7 . According to computation , the variation of n Bootis in declination during the interval of the two observations was , 3 , and of f Bootis , 0 ; and therefore the difference of variation in declination was 1~ 43~ , 3 , by which the distance of the stars was increased . The difference in declination therefore in 1768 , if neither of the stars moved , should have been 0~ 42~ 04~ , 1 ; but it was observed to be 33~ , 4 greater , by which quantity therefore n Bootis must have moved southward in 75,052 years . By reducing all the foregoing deductions to 78 years , Arcturus appears to have moved , ' ' ' By the small Star , Feb. 14 , 1690 1 2 36,43 n Bootis Feb. 14 , 1690 1 18,541 2 5,88 n Bootis Apr. 5 , 1691 1 32,557 2 6,75 n Bootis May 4 , 1691 1 32,906 2 11,87 n Bootis May 27 , 1692 1 30,752 2 12,74 By ~ Bootis May not observ . 2 34,69 But the Star n Bootis appears also to have moved Southward . ' ' ' By ~ Bootis Feb. 14 , 1690 0 29,503 ~ Bootis May 27 , 1692 0 25,049 By f Bootis Apr. 5 , 1693 0 34,712 By a mean 0 29,755 As Arcturus appears to have moved southward of n Bootis 2~ 9~ , 31 , by taking a mean of the four quantities resulting from the comparisons with that star ; and as n Bootis has also moved southward of some of the neighbouring small stars by 29~ , 755 in the same time , Arcturus upon the whole has moved 2~ 39~ 06 to the south , by the comparisons with n Bootis only ; and therefore , by taking a mean of all the results , Arcturus has altered its right ascension less than the neighbouring stars by 1~ 33~ , 97 in 78 years , in which time it has also moved 2~ 36~ , 81 to the south of the same stars . In order to see how far the motion of right ascension is to be depended upon , which is deduced from the above comparisons , I have selected and computed the following observations , made at Shirburn castle with a transit instrument of 51/ 4 feet , placed exactly in the plane of the meridian , and consequently more to be relied upon than those made with a mural instrument . By a mean of five observations , made on the 7th , 12th , 23d , 24th , and 31st of May , 1741 , O. S. the difference in right ascension between n Bootis and Arcturus was 5~ 22~ 38~ , 9 , the extremes differing only 4~ , 4 of a degree . The difference in the variation of right ascension to the end of May , 1768 , is 20~ , 5 , by which the ascensional difference is diminished . It should therefore have been 5~ 22~ 18~ , 4 ; but it was observed to be 5~ 21~ 43~ , 4 . Therefore in 27 years Arcturus has moved westward 35~ , 0 . On the 16th and 20th of May , 1744 , the difference in right ascension between n Bootis and Arcturus was 5~ 22~ 30~ , 0 by each of the observations , which difference should have been , supposing neither of the stars to have any proper motion , 5~ 22~ 11~ , 7 in May , 1768 . But it was found to be 28~ , 3 less ; by so much therefore had Arcturus moved westward in 24 years . On the 24th of May , and 8th of June , 1746 , the difference in right ascension between the same stars was 5~ 22~ 26~ , 2 , by taking a mean of the two observations ; that difference should have been 5~ 22~ 09~ , 5 in 1768 . But it was observed = 5~ 21~ 43~ , 4 . Arcturus therefore in 22 years has moved 26~ , 1 to the west . Lastly ; on the 16th of April , and 27th and 28th of May , 1747 , the difference in right ascension between n Bootis and Arcturus , by taking a mean of the three observations , was 5~ 22~ 25~ , 0 . By computation putation the variation in the difference of right ascension was 16~ , 0 , by which the ascensional difference should have been diminished , and = 5~ 22~ 09~ , 0 . But by observation it was found = 5~ 21~ 43~ , 4 : Arcturus therefore by this last observation appears to have gone 25,6 , ' ' westward . By the observations therefore at Shirburn Castle Arcturus appears to have gone westward as in the following table ; in the last column of which are contained the quantities resulting from the observations of each year , reduced to 78 years . The mean of all the observations , when reduced to an interval of 78 years , is 1~ 35~ , 14 , which differs only 1~ , 17 from the mean of the other comparisons . As then the proper motions of Arcturus westward in right ascension = 1~ 33~ , 974 , and 2~ 36~ , 81 in declination southward , seem well established , the real motion of Arcturus is inclined in an angle of 30~ 56~ to the west of the meridian or horary circle , and to be in that direction 3~ 2~ , 81 in 78 years , or at the rate of 2~ , 343 in a year . As this direction of its motion is nearly perpendicular to the plane of the ecliptic , the latitude of Arcturus must diminish yearly almost in the same proportion ; and its longitude will alter less than that of other stars , though not so considerably as its right ascension . The proper motion of Arcturus then , in right ascension Westward , being 1~ , 205 , and in declination 2~ , 005 , its annual precession in right ascension is 41~ , 108 , and in declination 19~ , 133 ; and the true right ascension of Arcturus , on Jan. 1 , 1773 , is 211~ 19~ 47~ , 4 , and declination North 20~ 22~ 23~ , 3 . As none of the other principal stars have been found to have a motion so considerable as this , though many of the stars of the first magnitude , as for instance , Sirius , Procyon , ~ Aquilae , ~ Orionis , as also ~ Aquilae of inferior magnitude , do really vary their positions ( and perhaps all of the first order will hereafter be found to have a proper motion ) , we may , I think , fairly conclude that Arcturus is the nearest star to our system , visible in this hemisphere . If therefore the annual parallax of the fixed stars can ever be discovered , that is , if the diameter of the annual orbit bear a sensible proportion to the distance of the nearest fixed star , it is most likely to be discovered from the observations of Arcturus . The system of the world , considered in an enlarged sense , and agreeable to the idea we may entertain of an all-powerful benevolent Creator , may be taken to occupy the whole-abyss of space , and to consist of an assemblage of bodies , having different magnitudes , and emitting various degrees and modifications of light . The apparent change of situation visible from the planet which we inhabit , and which revolves round one of the great bodies constituting a part of the general system , as a center , may be owing either to the motion of our own system in absolute space , or , if our system should be at rest , to a real motion in the stars themselves : from whence the angular distances of the stars must vary in proportion to the velocity of those motions , or to the direction of those motions with respect to ourselves . I have reason , at present , to believe that a small motion may be discovered in the star o Ceti , and perhaps in other stars that vary in degrees of brightness , which the diligence of future astronomers will discover , and perhaps in less time than at first sight might seem necessary , when we consider the several improvements which have of late been made in the methods of observing the heavenly bodies . As the motion of Arcturus in declination ( the quantity of which we have thus endeavoured to ascertain ) has been often acknowledged , it is matter of wonder that some astronomers , by comparing either the altitude or zenith distance of the Sun 's limb with Arcturus , without previously settling the quantity of that star 's motion in declination , or at least doing it indirectly , should endeavour to determine whether the obliquity of the ecliptic hath remained constant , or still continues to diminish , as it should seem , to have done for many centuries past , from the observations of successive astronomers . Mr. Cassini , and Mr. le Monnier , have both practised this method , and are of opinion , that the obliquity of the ecliptic hath not altered ; or , if it hath altered , that the quantity of its alteration is not near so considerable as hath been imagined by some celebrated astronomers . By observing for several days before and after the solstice the altitude or zenith distance of the Sun 's limb , and that of a star situated near the same parallel , the differences to be remarked in process of time in the distances of the Sun from that star ( the motion of the star in declination being allowed for during that interval of time ) , will be the quantity by which the Sun will have approached to or have receded from the star . If the star were absolutely a fixed point , and the observations sufficiently numerous , that , by taking a mean , the necessary and unavoidable errors in observation might either be considerably diminished or almost annihilated , the method might be practised to great advantage . But as the star ( Arcturus ) had a proper motion , and its apparent place was continually varying from the effect of the nutation of the earth 's axis ; as the limb of the Sun was sometimes approaching to , and sometimes receding from , the star , by a kind of libratory motion from the effect of the nutation ; also and as the obliquity of the ecliptic itself was , in all probability , continually diminishing ; from a combination and as it were involution of these motions no certain conclusion could be drawn , since , in the space of a few years , the apparent obliquity may be the same , and yet the mean obliquity may have diminished , or perhaps , in the space of a few years , the obliquity may appear to have increased , when it may really have become less . Whereas , by reducing the observations to their mean position , and by assigning to each known cause its proper and allowed effect , a regularity and uniformity must necessarily take place , as far at least as is consistent with the unavoidable errors in observing . Mr. Cassini , in the Memoirs of the Academy of Sciences for 1767 , acquaints us , that , in 1748 , the apparent distance of Arcturus from the upper limb of the Sun , at the time of the solstice , was the same as in 1766 . In 1748 . Distance of Arcturus from o ' ' ' ' ' ' the solstitial limb of the Sun 3 13 36 40 Altitude of Arcturus ... . 61 41 17 0 Therefore the apparent solstitial altitude ... ... . 64 55 13 40 In 1766 . Distance of Arcturus from the solstitial limb of the Sun 3 19 32 0 Altitude of Arcturus ... . 61 35 42 0 Therefore the apparent solstitial altitude ... ... . 64 55 14 0 The same astronomer has , in the Memoirs for 1759 , p. 325 , communicated the following conclusions . Dist . of the star Reduction . Solstitial distance . from ~ 's limb . 1763 . June 14 . 37 29 + 11 13 18 30 15 . 3 10 16 +8 13 3 18 29 25 . 3 15 40 +2 48 3 18 28 July 1 . Mr. le Monnier , in the Memoires for 1762 , p. 269 . has published the following distances of Arcturus from the limb of the Sun , reduced to the solstitial point , with a view to obtain differences in the apparent obliquity of the ecliptic : and , from the observations vations made with the gnomon of St. Sulpice , and communicated by Mr. le Monnier , in the same volume , it should seem that that astronomer is of opinion , that the obliquity of the ecliptic hath no other variation than what the nutation of the earth 's axis will occasion ; and that therefore we must either abandon the absolute diminution of the ecliptic , or at least suppose it extremely small , since , in the space of eighteen years , it hath not produced a sensible alteration . o ' ' ' 1738 . 3 10 15 1740 . 3 11 5 1742 . 3 11 48 1763 . 3 18 40 with the mural quadrant of 5 feet . 3 18 35 with the large mural instrument . As the result of the observations only , and not the observations themselves , are communicated , I have only to observe , that there is a very considerable difference between the conclusions of the two astronomers for the same year 1763 , and , at the same time , to declare my suspicion , that if the apparent ( for such I apprehend them to be ) were reduced to the mean distances , they would probably afford a confirmation of the diminution of the ecliptic . For the following observations of the Sun 's zenith distance , made at Shirburn Castle , near the summer solstices of the years 1743 , 1746 , 1748 , and 1766 , and of Arcturus in the years 1743 , 1746 , and 1766 , when reduced to their mean state at the solstice , do not confirm the assertion of Mr. Cassini , but are an evident and absolute proof that the obliquity of the ecliptic has sensibly diminished during an interval of 23 , and even of 18 years . The observations of 1743 were made with a mural quadrant of five French feet , constructed by the late Mr. Sisson : but as the linear divisions were found to be somewhat less accurate than was expected , and as the body of the quadrant was not framed with proper strength and solidity , Mr. Bird was employed in the summer of the year 1745 , by the Earl of Macclesfield , ( the body of the instrument having been strengthened by screwing a large and broad plate of brass upon the cross-bars ) , to put a set of points upon the limb between the 90 and 96 arches of linear divisions . By these operations the line of collimation was found to have varied , and to be = , by which the zenith distances were given too small , by the positive divisions , from the end of 1746 to the end of June 1751 , when Mr. Bird bisected the spaces between the points which he had formerly added in 1745 . But after the year 1751 , the error of the line of collimation was = 2~,6 , as appears from observations of ~ Persei , ~ and ~ Draconis , by which the zenith distances are also given too small ; and in that state the instrument continued to the year 1767 , when a new set of wires was put into the telescope , and the line of collimation thereby altered . The error of the line of collimation from 1743 to 1745 cannot directly be ascertained , for want of zenith observations ; but , from some indirect methods , it should seem that the error was as nearly as possible = 2~ , to be added to the observed zenith distances . Observed zenith BaroThermoRefracSun 's semiDist . from Observations redistance . meter . meter . tion . diameter . solstice . duced to solstice . 1743 . Line of collimation Mean solstitial zenith distance , 1746 , 28 11 4,1 Observed zenith BaroThermoRefrac~ Sun 's semiDist . from Observations redistance meter . meter . tion . diameter . solstice . duced to soltice . 1748 . o Mean solstitial zenith distance , 1748 , 28 11 4,1 ~ . o ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' o ' ' ' o ' ' ' June 11 . Lo . L. 28 47 12 29,51 62 30,4 15 47,7 0 20 42,3 28 11 12,4 12 . Up . L. 28 11 38,3 29,38 61 29,6 + 15 47,6 16 47,1 28 11 8,4 17 . Lo . L. 28 29 47,9 29,151/ 2 66 29,4 15 47,3 3 20,2 28 11 9,8 21 . Up . L. 27 54 57,4 29,72 683/ 4 29 + 15 47,1 0 29 28 11 13,5 22 . Lo . L. 28 26 39,6 29,871/ 2 703/ 4 29,7 15 47 0 11,9 28 11 10,4 23 . Lo . L. 28 27 19,2 29,951/ 2 751/ 2 29,5 15 47 0 48,6 28 11 13,1 24 . Up . L. 27 56 45,7 29,80 781/ 4 28,4 + 15 46,9 1 50,1 28 11 10,9 25 . Lo . L. . Up . L. 28 2 18,5 29,40 67 28,9 + 15 46,9 7 22,6 28 11 11,7 29 . Lo . L. 28 29 30,6 29,28 66 29,7 15 46,9 13 7 28 11 6,4 Mean ... ... ... 28 11 10,5 Sun 's parallax ... ... . 4,1 28 11 6,4 Nutation ... ... . . + 7,6 28 11 14 Error of the line of collimation. . + 2,6 Mean ~ zenith distance , 1766 , 28 11 16,6 Observed zenith tion . ration . tion . sion . reduced May 12 . 31 6 57,8 34 1,9 + 1,4 + 2,1 31 7 33,4 17 . 31 6 57,8 34 0,8 + 1,4 + 1,8 31 7 34,2 18 . 31 6 57,8 34 0,6 + 1,4 + 1,8 31 7 34,4 June 5 . 31 6 52,3 34 + 2,9 + 1,2 + 0,9 31 7 31,3 9 . 31 6 50,3 34 + 3,8 + 1,2 + 0,7 31 7 30 10 . 31 6 52 34 +4+ 1,2 + 0,6 31 7 31,8 16 . 31 6 57 34 + 5,3 ~ 1,2 + 0,3 31 7 37,8 18 . 31 6 54,8 34 + 5,5 + 1,2 + 0,1 31 7 35,6 25 . 31 6 52 34 + 6,7 + 1,2 0,2 31 7 33,7 July 1 . 31 6 52 34 + 7,8 + 1,2 0,5 31 7 34,5 Mean ... ... ... ... ... . 31 7 33,6 Error of the line of collimation ... ... . . +2 Mean zenith distance of Arcturus , June 21 , 1743,. . 31 7 35,6 Mean zenith distance of the Sun 's center , June 21 , 1743 , 28 11 2,8 Mean distance of Arcturus from the Sun 's center , 1743 , 2 56 32,8 1746 . June 4 . 31 7 51,1 34 + 2,5 5,8 + 1,1 31 8 22,9 21 . 31 7 53,1 34 + 6,1 5,9 0 31 8 27,3 22 . 31 7 50,2 34 + 6,3 5,9 0 31 8 24,6 23 . 31 7 52,3 34 + 6,4 5,9 0,1 31 8 27,7 Oct. 9 . 31 7 58,6 34 + 8,9 6,4 5,7 31 8 29,4 Mean ... ... ... ... ... . 31 8 26,4 Error of the line of collimation ... ... . . + 6,3 Mean zenith distance of Arcturus , June 21 , 1746,. . 31 8 32,7 Mean zenith distance of the Sun 's center , June 21 , 1746 , 28 11 4,1 Mean distance of Arcturus from the Sun 's center , 1746 , 2 57 28,6 Observed zenith BaroThermoRefracAberNutaPrecesObservations dist . of Arcturus . meter . meter . tion . ration . tion . sion . reduced . 1766 . May 13 . 31 14 20,7 29,46 43 34,9 1,9 7,6 +2 31 14 48,1 21 . 31 14 23,1 29,81 46 35,1 0,2 7,6 + 1,7 31 14 52,1 22 . 31 14 19,9 29,67 49 34,7 0 7,6 + 1,6 31 14 48,6 June 23 . 31 14 20,8 29,90 70 33,1 + 6,4 7,7 0,1 31 14 52,5 Mean ... ... ... ... ... . 31 14 50,3 Error of the line of collimation ... ... . . + 2,6 Mean zenith distance of Arcturus , June 21 , 1766,. . 31 14 52,9 Mean zenith distance of the Sun 's center , June 21 , 1766 , 28 11 16,6 Mean distance of Arcturus from the Sun 's center , 1766 , 33 36,3 From the foregoing observations , it appears that the mean solstitial zenith distance in summer was as follows . Variation in 100 years 1743 . 28 11 2,8 60 1746 . 28 11 4,1 62,5 1748 . 28 11 4,1 69,4 1766 . 28 11 16,6 And , by comparing the three former with the latter , the variation of the obliquity of the ecliptic in 100 years is as is expressed in the last column of the table . By comparing the distance of Arcturus from the center of the Sun in 1743 , with the same distance as observed in 1766 ( an allowance being made for the proper motion of the star during the interval , as also for its variation in declination arising from the precession cession of the equinoxes ) , it appears that its distance is less than it would have been , if the distance of the Sun 's center from the equator had remained unvaried . By that quantity , therefore , the obliquity of the ecliptic has altered in 23 years ; which is at the rate of in 100 years . By comparing , in like manner , the distance in 1746 , the obliquity of the ecliptic has diminished in 20 years , or 78~ in 100 years . Distance in 1743..,. . 2 56 32,8 In 1746 . 2 57 28,6 Motion of the star in decl . Southward 7 20,8 6 23,3 Computed distance in 1766. . 33 53,6 33 51,9 Observed distance in 1766 ... 33 36,3 33 36,3 Variation of obliquity ... . 17,3 15,6 The foregoing deductions prove , I think , beyond all doubt , that the obliquity has become less ; but as the interval of time between the two terms of comparison is so short , that the errors committed in observing may bear a sensible proportion to the small quantities just now found , and which , perhaps , are somewhat too large ; let us have recourse to Mr. Flamsteed 's observations , and compare them with observations made by myself , in the course of the last and present years . For this purpose , I have reduced all the observations of the Sun , made in 1690 , from May 26 to June 24 , O. S. and also all the observations of Arcturus , made in the same year , to their mean position at the summer solstice of that year . The observations , together with my own made at Oxford , are as follows . From the foregoing observations it appears that , at the summer solstice of the year 1690 , Arcturus was 2~ 40~ 12~,8 to the South of the Sun 's center in declination : the motion of the star , in declination , from that time to the summer solstice of the year 1772 , including its proper motion , is 26~ 16~,4 . Arcturus , therefore , in 1772 , should have been 3~ 6~ to the South of the Sun 's center , if the angle of the ecliptic and equator had not varied : but that distance was found by actual observation to be less . By so much therefore must the obliquity of the ecliptic have become less in an interval of 82 years ; and , consequently , the variation in 100 years will be 62~,92 . If the observations of Arcturus be reduced to the solstice of 1771 , and the zenith distance of the Sun 's center , as observed in that year , be made use of in the same manner , the variation of the obliquity in 81 years will be found = , and in 100 years = 60~ . If the quantity of the arc of Mr. Flamsteed 's instrument were accurately known , the observations which he made at the winter solstice in 1690 might be compared with later observations , in order to determine both the quantity of the obliquity in 1690 , and also the variation since his time . Accordingly , I have endeavoured to determine the error of the arc of the instrument between 28~ and 75~ of zenith distance , and proceeded in the following manner . I computed several observations of the stars ~ Tauri , ~ Pleiadum , ~ and ~ Geminorum , and ~ , ~ , and ~ Sagittarii , as observed by Mr. Flamsteed , in the years 1690 , 1691 , and 1692 , and reducing them to the years 1760 and 1766 , I compared the differences of declination between those stars , resulting from Mr. Flamsteed 's observations , with the differences given by the places of the same stars , as settled by Dr. Bradley in 1760 , and also by actual observations of the same stars made at ShirburnCastle in 1766 ; and , by combining these differences together , I found that the whole arc of 90 degrees was too short by 43~ . Supposing the error to be uniform , the proportional part of this quantity , thus found for the solstitial zenith distance of the Sun in June = 13~,4 , is nearly confirmed upon the authority of Mr. Flamsteed himself , who , in the prolegomena to the third volume of the Historia Caelestis , where he is deducing the latitude of the Royal Observatory at Greenwich , and the quantity of the obliquity in 1690 , from his own observations , allows the zenith distances at 28~ , 36~ , and 40~ , on his instrument , to be too small by 15~ and by 20~ , at 75~ . I have therefore computed the observations of the Sun , made from November 30 to December 20 of 1690 , which , reduced to the solstice , are as in the following table ; to which are subjoined the observations made by myself at Oxford , at the winter solstice of 1771 . Obliquity Or , if the obliquity be required independent of a knowledge of the latitude of the place , it will be found to be . o ' ' ' December ... ... 74 57 33,6 June ... ... 27 59 43 Difference ... ... 46 57 50,6 Mean obliquity 1690 , 1/ 2 Diff . 23 28 55,3 By comparing the observations at the summer solstices of 1771 and 1772 with those at the winter solstice of 1771 , it appears that the mean obliquity was about the beginning of the year 1772 = 23~ 28~ and 23~ 28~ 8~ . I suppose therefore the mean obliquity to be 23~ 28~ 8~ at the beginning of the present year ; and consequently , the obliquity has diminished , by my observations , 47~ in 81 years , since Mr. Flamsteed 's time , or at the rate of 58~ in 100 years , a quantity which will be found nearly at a mean of the computations framed by Mr. Euler and Mr. de la Lande , upon the principles of attraction . Oxford , Dec. 23 , 1772 . 
IV . On the Power of penetrating into Space by Telescopes ; with a comparative Determination of the Extent of that Power in natural Vision , and in Telescopes of various Sizes and Constructions ; illustrated by select Observations , By William Herschel , LL . D. F. R. S. Read November 2e , 1799 . I Tr will not be difficult to shew that the power of penetrating into space by telescopes is very different from magnifying power , and that , in the construction of instruments , these two powers ought to be considered separately . In order to conduct our present inquiry properly , it will be necessary to examine the nature of luminous bodies , and to enter into the method of vision at a distance . Therefore , to prevent the inaccuracy that would unavoidably arise from the use of terms in their common acceptation , I shall have recourse to algebraic symbols , and to such definitions as may be necessary to fix a precise meaning to some expressions which are often used in conversation , without much regard to accuracy . By luminous bodies I mean , in the following pages , to denote such as throw out light , whatever may be the cause of it : even those that are opaque , when they are in a situation to reflect light , should be understood to be included ; as objects of vision they must throw out light , and become intitled to be called Juminous . However , those that shine by their own light may be called self-luminous , when there is an occasion to distinguish them , The question will arise , whether luminous bodies scatter light in all directions equally ; but , till we are more intimately acquainted with the powers which emit and reflect light , we shall probably remain ignorant on this head . I should remark , that what I mean to say , relates only to the physical points into which we may conceive the surfaces of luminous bodies to be divided ; for , when we take any given luminous body in its whole construction , such as the sun or the moon , the question will assume another form , as will appear hereafter . That light , flame , and luminous gases are penetrable to the rays of light , we know from experience ; * it follows therefore , that every part of the sun 's disk cannot appear equally luminous to an observer in a given situation , on account of the unequal depth of its luminous atmosphere in different places This regards only bodies that are self-luminous . But the greatest inequalities in the brightness of luminous bodies in general will undoubtedly be owing to their natural texture ; In order to put this to a proof , I placed four candles behind a screen , at I of an inch distance from each other , so that their flames might range exactly in a line . The first of the candles was placed at the same distance from the screen , and just opposite a narrow slit , 3 of an inch long , and 4 broad , On the other side of the screen I fixed up a book , at such a distance from the slit that , when the first of the candles was lighted , the letters might not be sufficiently illuminated to become legible . Then , lighting successively the second , third , and fourth candles , I found the letters gradually more illuminated , so that at last I could read them with great facility ; and , by the arrangement of the screen and candles , the light of the second , third , and fourth , could not reach the book , without penetrating the flames of those that were placed before them . t See the Paper on the Nature and Construction of the Sun . Phil . Trans. for 795 , page 46 . So which may be extremely various , with regard to their power of throwing out light more or less copiously . Brightness , I ascribe to bodies that throw out light ; and those that throw out most are the brightest . It will now be necessary to establish certain expressions for brightness in different circumstances . In the first place , let us suppose a luminous surface throwing out light , and let the whole quantity of light thrown out by it be called L. Now , since every part of this surface throws out light , let us suppose it divided into a number of luminous physical points , denoted by N. If the copiousness of the emission of light from every physical point of the luminous surface were equal , it might in general be denoted by c ; but , as that is most probably never the case , I make C stand for the mean copiousness of light thrown out from all the physical points of a luminous object . This may be found in the following manner . Let c express the copiousness of emitting light , of any number of physical points that agree in this respect ; and let the number of these points be n. Let the copiousness of emission of another number of points be c ' , and their number n ' . And if , in the same manner , other degrees of copiousness be called c7 , c3 , & c. and their numbers be denoted by no , n ' , & c. then will the sum of every set of points , multiplied by their respective copiousness of emitting light , give us the quantity of light thrown out by the whole luminous body . It is evident that the mean power , or copiousness of throwing out light , of every physical point in the luminous surface , multiplied by the number of points , must give us the whole power of ' throwing out light , of the luminous body . That is CN L. I ought now to answer an objection that may be made to this theory . Light , as has been stated , is transparent ; + and , since the light of a point behind the surface of a flame will pass through the surface , ought we , not to take in its depth , as well as its superficial dimensions ? In answer to this , I recur to what has been said with regard to the different powers of throwing out light , of the points of a luminous surface . For , as , light must be finally emitted through the surface , it is but referring all light arising from the emission of points behind the surface , to the surface itself , and the account of emitted light will be equally true . And this will also , explain why it has been stated as probable , that different parts of the same luminous surface may throw out different quantities of light . Since , therefore , the quantity of light thrown out by any luminous body is truly represented by CN , and that an object is bright in consequence of light thrown out , we may say that brightness is truly defined by CN . If however , there should at any time be occasion for distinction , the brightness arising from the great value of C , may be called the intrinsic brightness ; . and that arising from the great value of N , the aggregate brightness ; but the absolute brightness , in . all cases , will . still be defined by CN . Hitherto we have only considered luminous objects ; and their condition with regard to throwing out light . We proceed now to find an expression for their appearance at any assigned distance ; and here it will be proper to leave out of the account , every part of CN which is not applied for the purpose of vision L representing the whole quantity of light thrown out by CN , we shall denote that part of it which is used in vision , either by the eye or by the telescope . This will render the conclusions that may be drawn hereafter more unexceptionable ; for , the quantity of light I being scattered over a small space in proportion to L , it may reasonably be looked upon as more uniform ; in its texture ; and no scruples about its inequality will take place . The equation of light in this present sense , therefore ; is , . Now , since we know that the density of light decreases in : the ratio of the squares of the distances of the luminous objects , the expression for its quantity at the distance of the observer , will be In natural vision , the ' quantity 1 undergoes a considerable change , , by the opening , and contracting of the pupil of the eye . If we call the aperture of the iris a , we find that in different persons it differs considerably . Its changes are not easily to be ascertained ; but we shall not be much out in stating its variations to be chiefly between i and X tenths of an inch . Perhaps " this may be supposed under-rated ; for the powers of vision , in . a room completely darkened , will exert themselves in a very extraordinary manner . In , some experiments on light , made at Bath , in the year 1 780 , I have often remarked , that after staying some time in a. room fitted up for these experiments , where on entering I. could not perceive any one object , I was no longer at a loss , in half an hour 's time , to find every thing I wanted . It is however probable that the opening of the iris is not the only cause of seeing , better after remaining long in the dark ; but . that the tranquillity of the retina , which is not disturbed by foreign objects of vision , may render it fit to receive impressions such as otherwise would have been too faint to be perceived . This seems to be supported by telescopic vision ; for it has often happened to me , in a fine winter 's evening , when , at midnight , and in the absence of the moon , I have taken sweeps of the heavens , of four , five , or six hours duration , that the sensibility of the eye , in consequence of the exclusion of light from surrounding objects , by means of a black hood which I wear upon these occasions , has been very great ; and it is evident , that the opening of the iris would have been of no service in these cases , on account of the diameter of the optic ' pencil , which , in the 20 feet telescope , at the time of sweeping , was no more than inch . The effect of this increased sensibility was such , that if a star of the 3d magnitude came towards the field of view , I found it necessary to withdraw the eye before its entrance , in order not to injure the delicacy of vision acquired by long continuance in the dark . The transit of large stars , unless where none of the 6th or 7th magnitude could be had , have generally been declined in my sweeps , even with the 20 feet telescope . And I remember , that after a considerable sweep with the 40 feet instrument , the appearance of Sirius announced itself , at a great distance , like the dawn of the morning , and came on by degrees , increasing in brightness , till this brilliant star at last entered the field of view of the telescope , with all the splendour of the rising sun , and forced me to take the eye from that beautiful sight . Such striking effects are a sufficient proof of the great sensibility of the eye , acquired by keeping it from the light . On taking notice , in the beginning of sweeps , of the time that passed , I found that the eye , coming from the light , required near 20 ' , before it could be sufficiently reposed to admit a view of very delicate objects in the telescope ; and that the observation of a transit of a star of the 2d or 3d magnitude , would disorder the eye again , so as to require nearly the same time for the re-establishment of its tranquillity . The difficulty of ascertaining the greatest opening of the eye , arises from the impossibility of measuring it at the time of its extreme dilatation , which can only happen when every thing is completely dark ; but , if the variation of a is not easily to be ascertained , we have , on the other hand , no difficulty to determine the quantity of light admitted through a telescope , which must depend upon the diameter of the object-glass , or mirror ; for , its aperture A may at all times be had by measurement . It follows , therefore , that the expression will always be accurate for the quantity of light admitted by the eye ; and that will be sufficiently so for the telescope . For it must be remembered , that the aperture of the eye is also concerned in viewing with telescopes ; and that , consequently , whenever the pencil of light transmitted to the eye by optical instruments exceeds the aperture of the pupil , much , light must be lost . In that case , the expression Ai I will fail ; and therefore , in , general , if m be the magnifying power , X ought not to exceed a. As I have defined the brightness of an object to the eye of an observer at a distance , to be expressed by ) it will be necessary to answer some objections that may be made to this theory . Optical writers have proved , that an object is equally bright at all distances . It may , therefore , be maintained against me , that since a wall illuminated by the sup will appear equally bright , at whatsoever distance the observer be placed that views it , the sun also , at the distance of Saturn , or still farther from us , must be as bright as it is in its present situation . Nay , it may be urged , that in a telescope , the different distance of stars can be of no account with regard to their brightness , and that we must consequently be able to see stars which are many thousands of times farther than Sirius from us ; in short , that a star must be infinitely distant not to be seen any longer . Now , objections such as these , which seem to be the immediate consequence of what has been demonstrated by mathematicians , and which yet apparently contradict what I assert in this paper , deserve to be thoroughly answered . It may be remembered , that I have distinguished brightness into three different sorts.* Two of these , which have been discriminated by intrinsic and absolute brightness , are , in common language , left without distinction . In order to shew that they are so , I might bring a variety of examples from common conversation ; but , taking this for granted , it may be shewn that all the objections I have brought against my theory have their foundation in this ambiguity . The demonstrations of opticians , with regard to what I call intrinsic brightness , will not oppose what I affirm of absolute brightness ; and I shall have nothing farther to do than to shew that what mathematicians have said , must be understood to refer entirely to the intrinsic brightness , or illumination of the picture of objects on the retina of the eye : from which it will clearly follow , that their doctrine and mine are perfectly reconcileable ; and that they can be at variance only when the ambiguity of the word brightness is overlooked , and objections such as I have made , are raised , where the word , brightness is used as absolute , when we should have kept it to the only meaning it can bear in the mathematicians ' theorem . The first objection I have mentioned is , that the sun , to an observer on Saturn , must be as bright as it is here on earth Now by this cannot be meant , that an inhabitant standing on the planet Saturn , and looking at the sun , should absolutely receive as much light from it as one on earth receives when he sees it ; for this would be contrary to the well known decrease of light at various distances . The objection , therefore , can only go to assert , that the picture of the sun , on the retina of the Saturnian observer , is as intensely illuminated as that on the retina of the terrestrial astronomer . To this I perfectly agree . But let those who would go farther , and say that therefore the sun is absolutely as-bright to the one as to the other , remember that the sun on Saturn appears to be a hundred times less than on the earth ; and that consequently , though it may there be intrinsically as bright , it must here be absolutely * an hundred times brighter . The next objection I have to consider , relates to the fixed stars . What has been shewn in the preceding paragraph , with regard to the sun , is so intirely applicable to the stars , that it will be very easy to place this point also in its proper light . As I have assented to the demonstration of opticians with regard to the brightness of the sun , when seen at the distance of Saturn , provided the meaning of this word be kept to the intrinsic illumination of the picture on the retina of an observer , I can have no hesitation to allow that the same will hold good with a star placed at any assignable distance . But I must repeat , that the light we can receive from stars is truly expressed by -.X ; and that therefore their absolute brightness must vary in the inverse ratio of the squares of their distances . Hence I am authorised to conclude , and observation abundantly confirms it , that stars cannot be seen by the naked eye , when they are more than seven or eight times farther from us than Sirius ; and that they become , comparatively speaking , very soon invisible with our best instruments . It will be shewn hereafter , that the visibility of stars depends on the penetrating power of telescopes , which , I must repeat , falls indeed very short of shewing stars that are many thousands of times farther from us than Sirius ; much less can we ever hope to see stars that are all but infinitely distant . If now it be admitted that the expressions we have laid down are such as agree with well known facts , we may proceed to vision at a distance ; and first with respect to the naked eye . Here the power of penetrating into space , is not only confined by nature , but is moreover occasionally limited by the failure in brightness of luminous objects . Let us see whether astronomical observations , assisted by mathematical reasoning , can give us some idea of the general extent of natural vision . Among the reflecting luminous objects , our penetrating powers are sufficiently ascertained . From the moon we may step to Venus , to Mercury ; to Mars , to Jupiter , to Saturn , and last of all to the Georgian planet . An object seen by reflected light at a greater distance than this , it has never been allowed us to perceive ; and it is indeed much to be admired , that we should see borrowed illumination to the amazing distance of more than hundred millions of miles ; especially when that light , in coming from the sun to the planet , has to pass through an equal space , before it can be reflected , whereby it must be so enfeebled as to be above 368 times less intense on that planet than it is with us , and when probably not more than one-third part of that light can be thrown back from its disk.* The range of natural vision with self-luminous objects , is incomparably more extended , but less accurately to be ascertained . From our brightest luminary , the sun , we pass immediately to very distant objects ; for , Sirius , Arcturus , and the rest of the stars of the first magnitude , are probably those that come next ; and what their distance may be , it is well known , can only be calculated imperfectly from the doctrine of parallaxes , which places the nearest of them at least times farther from us than the sun . In order to take a second step forwards , we must enter into some preliminary considerations , which cannot but be attended with considerable uncertainty . The general supposition , that stars , at least those which seem to be promiscuously scattered , are probably one with another of a certain magnitude , being admitted , it has already been shewn in a former Paper,.+ that after a certain number of stars of the first magnitude have been arranged about the sun , a farther distant set will come in for the second place . The situation of these may be taken to be , one with another , at about double the distance of the former from us . By directing our view to them , and thus penetrating one step farther into space , these stars of the second magnitude furnish us with an experiment that shews what phenomena will take place , when we receive the illumination of two very remote objects , equally bright in themselves , whereof one is at double the distance of the other . The expression for the brightness of such objects , at all distances , and with any aperture of the iris , according to our foregoing notation , will be D , X ; and a method of reducing this to an experimental investigation will be as follows . Let us admit that oc Cygni , A Tauri , and others , are stars of the second magnitude , such as are here to be considered . We know , that in looking at them and the former , the aperture of the iris will probably undergo no change ; since the difference in brightness , between Sirius , Arcturus , C , Cygni , and n Tauri , does not seem to affect the eye so as to require any alteration in the dimensions of the iris ; a , therefore becomes a given quantity , and may be left out . Admitting also , that the latter of these stars are probably at double the distance of the former , we have D ' in one case four times that of the other ; and the two expressions for the brightness of the stars , will be I for those of the first magnitude , and 1I for those of the second . Tche quantities being thus prepared , what I mean to suggest by an experiment is , that since sensations , by their nature , will not admit of being halved or quartered , we come thus to know by inspection what phaenomenon will be produced by the fourth part of the light of a star of the first magnitude . In this sense , I think we must take it for granted , that a certain idea of brightness , attached to the stars which are generally denominated to be of the second magnitude , may be added to our experimental knowledge ; for , by this means , we are informed what we are to understand by the expressions 1--i We cannot wonder at the immense difference between the brightness of the sun and that of Sirius ; since the two first expressions , when properly resolved , give us a ratio of brightness of more than 170 thousand millions to one ; whereas the two latter , as has been shewn , give only a ratio of four to one . What has been said will carry us , with very little addition , to the end of our unassisted power of vision to penetrate into space . We can have no other guide to lead us a third step than the same beforementioned hypothesis ; in consequence of which , however , it must be acknowledged to be sufficiently probable , that the stars of the third magnitude may be placed about three times as far from us as those of the first . It has been seen , by my remarks on the comparative brightness of the stars , that I place no reliance on the classification of them into magnitudes ; t but , in the present instance , where the question is not to ascertain the precise brightness of any one star , it is quite sufficient to know that the number of the stars of the first three different magnitudes , or different brightnesses , answers , in a general way , sufficiently well to a supposed equally distant arrangement of a first , second , and third set of stars about the sun . Our third step forwards into space , may therefore very properly be said to fall on the pole-star , on Cygni , ? Bootis , and all those of the same order . * The names of the objects QD , Sirius , f Tauri , are here used to express their distance from us . t Phil , Trans. for the year 1796 , page , 169 . As the difference , between these and the stars of the preceding order , is much less striking than that between the stars of the first and second magnitude ; we also find that the expressions and , are not in the high ratio of 4 to i , but only ' Poiarisl1 " as 9 to 4 , or 24 to 1 . Without tracing the brightness of the stars through any farther steps , I shall only remark , that the diminution of the ratios of brightness of the stars of the 4th , 5th , 6th , and 7th magnitude , seems to answer to their mathematical expressions , as well as , from the first steps we have taken , can possibly be imagined . The calculated ratio , for instance , of the brightness of a star of the 6th magnitude , to that of one of the 7th , is but little more than to l ; but still we find by experience , that the eye can very conveniently perceive it . At the same time , the faintness of the stars of the 7th magnitude , which require the finest nights , and the best common eyes to be perceived , gives us little room to believe that we can penetrate much farther into space , with objects of no greater brightness than stars . But , since it may be justly observed , that in . the foregoing estimation of the proportional distance of the stars , a considerable uncertainty must remain , we ought to make a proper allowance for it ; and , in order to see to what extent this should go , we must make use of the experimental sensations of the ratios of brightness we have now acquired , in going step by step forward : for , numerical ratios of brightness , and sensations of them , as has been noticed before , are very different things . And since , from the foregoing considerations , it may be concluded , that as far as the 6th , 7th , or 8th magnitude , there ought to be a visible general difference between stars of one order and that of the next following , I think , from the faintness of the stars of the 7th magnitude , we are authorized to conclude , that no star , eight , nine , or at most ten times as far from us as Sirius , can possibly be perceived by the natural eye . The boundaries of vision , however , are not confined to single stars . Where the light of these falls short , the united lustre of sidereal systems will still be perceived . In clear nights , for instance , we may see a whitish patch in the sword-handle of Perseus , * which contains small stars of various sizes , as may be ascertained by a telescope of a moderate power of penetrating into space . We easily see the united lustre of them , though the light of no one of the single stars could have affected the unassisted eye . Considerably beyond the distance of the former must be the cluster discovered by Mr. MESSIER , in ; north following H Geminorum . It contains stars much smaller than those of the former cluster ; and a telescope should have a considerable penetrating power , to ascertain their brightness properly , such as my common lo-feet reflector . The night should be clear , in order to see it well with the naked eye , and it will then appear in the shape of a small nebula . Still farther from us must be the nebula between n and C Herculis , discovered by Dr. HALLEY , in 1714 . The stars of it are so small that it has been called a Nebula ; ? and has been regarded as such , till my instruments of high penetrating powers were applied to it . It requires a very clear night , and the absence of the moon , to see it with the natural eye . Perhaps , among the farthest objects that can make an impression on the eye , when not assisted by telescopes , may be reckoned the nebula in the girdle of Andromeda , discovered by SIMON MARIUS , in . It is however not difficult to perceive it , in a clear night , on account of its great extent . From the powers of penetrating into space by natural vision , we proceed now to that of telescopes . It has been shewn , that brightness , or light , is to the naked eye truly represented by . D ; in a telescope , therefore , the light admitted will be expressed by Hence it would follow , that the artificial power of penetrating into space should be to the natural one as A to a. But this proportion must be corrected by the practical deficiency in light reflected by mirrors , or transmitted through glasses ; and it will in a great measure depend on the circumstances of the workmanship , materials , and construction of the telescope , how much loss of light there will be sustained . In order to come to some determination on this subject , I made many experiments with plain mirrors , polished like my large ones , and of the same composition of metal . The method I pursued was that proposed by Mr. BOUGUER , in his Traite ' d'Optique , page , fig . g. ; but I brought the mirror , during the trial as close to the line connecting the two objects as possible , in order to render the reflected rays nearly perpendicular . The result was , that out of ioo thousand incident rays , were returned ; and therefore , if a double reflection takes place , only will be returned . Before this light can reach the eye , it will suffer some loss in passing through the eye glass ; and the amount of this I ascertained , by taking a highly polished plain glass , of nearly the usual thickness of optical glasses of small focal lengths . Then , by the method of the same author , page 21I fig . So I found , that out of 100 thousand incident rays , 94825 were transmitted through the glass . Hence , if two lenses be used , ; and , with three lenses , rays will be transmitted to the eye . Then , by compounding , we shall have , in a telescope of my construction with one reflection , 63796'rays , out of ioo thousand , come to the eye . In the NEWTONIAN form , with a single eye lens , ; and , with a double eye glass will remain for vision . There must always remain a considerable uncertainty in the quantities here assigned ; as a newly polished mirror , or one in high preservation , will give more light than another that has not those advantages . The quality of metal also will make some difference ; but , if it Should appear by experiments , that the metals or glasses in use will yield more or less light than here assigned . , it is to be understood that the corrections must be made accordingly . We proceed now to find a proper expression for the power of penetrating into space , that we may be enabled to compare its effects , in different telescopes , with that of the natural eye . Since then the brightness of luminous objects is inversely as the squares of the distances , it follows that the penetrating power must be as the square roots of the light received by the eye . In natural vision , therefore , this power is truly expressed by s/ V7 ; I ; and , since we have now also obtained a proper correction A. , we must apply it to the incident light with telescopes . In the NEWTONIAN and other constructions where two specula are used , there will also be some loss of light on account of the interposition of the small speculum ; therefore , putting b for its diameter , we have A ' b1 for the real incident light . This being corrected as above , will give the general expression x A1 b for the same power in telescopes . But here we are to take notice , that in refractors , and in telescopes with one reflection , b will be o , and therefore is to be left out . Then , if we put natural light I= 1 , and divide by a , we have the general form b for the penetrating power of a all sorts of telescopes , compared to that of the natural eye a8 a standard , according to any supposed aperture of the iris , and proportion of light returned by reflection , or transmitted by refraction . In the following investigation we shall suppose a_2 tenths of an inch , as being perhaps nearly the general opening of the iris , in star-light nights , when the eye has been some moderate time in the dark . The value of the corrections for loss of light will stand as has been given before . We may now proceed to determine the powers of the instruments that have been used in my astronomical observations ; but , as this subject will be best explained by a report of the observations themselves , I shall select a series of them for that purpose , and relate them in the order which will be most illustrating . First , with regard to the eye , it is certain that its power , like all our other faculties , is limited by nature , and is regulated by the permanent brightness of objects ; as has been shewn already , when its extent with reflected light was compared to its exertion on self-luminous objects . It is further limited on borrowed light , by the occasional state of illumination ; for , when that becomes defective at any time , the power of the eye will then be contracted into a narrower compass ; an instance of which is the following . In the year 1776 , when I had erected a telescope of 20 feet focal length , of the NEWTONIAN construction , one of its effects by trial was , that when towards evening , on account of darkness , the natural eye could not penetrate far into space , the telescope possessed that power sufficiently to shew , by the dial of a distant church steeple , what o'clock it was , notwithstanding the naked eye could no longer see the steeple itself . Here I only speak of the penetrating power ; for , though it might require magnifying power to see the figures on the dial , ' it could require none to see the steeple . Now the aperture of the telescope being 12 inches , and the construction of the NEWTONIAN form , its penetrating power , when calculated according to the given formula , will be 429 22 _ 38,99 . A , b , and a , being all expressed in tenths of an inch.* I have given the figures , in all the following equations of the calculated penes trating powers , in order to shew the constructions of my Instruments to those who may wish to be acquainted with them . From the result of this computation it appears , that the circumstance of seeing so well , in the dusk of the evening , may be easily accounted for , by a power of this telescope to penetrate 39 times farther into space than the natural eye could reach , with objects so faintly illuminated . This observation completely refutes an objection to telescopic vision , that may be drawn from what has also been demonstrated by optical writers ; namely , that no telescope can shew an object brighter than it is to the naked eye . For , in order to reconcile this optical theory with experience , I have only to say , that the objection is intirely founded on the same ambiguity of the word brightness that has before been detected . It is perfectly true , that the intrinsic illumination of the picture on the retina , which is made by a telescope , cannot exceed that of natural vision ; but the absolute brightness of the magnified picture by which telescopic vision is performed , must exceed that of the picture in natural vision , in the same ratio in which the area of the magnified picture exceeds that of the natural one ; supposing the intrinsic brightness of both pictures to be , the same . In our present instance , the steeple and clock-dial were rendered visible by the increased absolute brightness of the object , which in natural vision was 15 hundred times inferior to what it was in the telescope . And this establishes beyond a doubt , that telescopic vision is performed by the absolute brightness of objects ; for , in the present case , I find by computation , that the intrinsic brightness , so far from being equal in the telescope to that of natural vision , was inferior to it in the ratio of three to seven . The distinction between magnifying power , and a power of penetrating into space , could not but be felt long ago , though its theory has not beeninquired into . This undoubtedly gave rise to the invention of those very useful short telescopes called night-glasses . When the darkness of the evening curtails the natural penetrating power , they come in very seasonably , to the relief of mariners that are on the look out for objects which it is their interest to discover . Night-glasses , such as they are now generally made , will have a power of penetrating six or seven times farther into space than the natural eye . For , by the construction of the double eye-glass , these telescopes will magnify 7 or 8 times ; and the object glass being 22 inches in diameter , the breadth of the optic pencil will be Ad or 34 tenths of an inch . As this cannot enter the eye , on a supposition of an opening of the iris of 2 tenths , we are obliged to increase the value of a , in order to make the telescope have its proper effect . Now , whether nature will admit of such an enlargement becomes an object of experiment ; but , at all events , a cannot be assumed less than A . Then , if x be taken as has been determined for X25 " three refractions , we shall have.-853X-s6,46 or . Soon after the discovery of the Georgian planet , a very celebrated observer of the heavens , who has added considerably to our number of telescopic comets and nebule , expressed his wish , in a letter to me , to know by what method I had been led to suspect this object not to be a star , like others of the same appearance . I have no doubt but that the instrument through which this astronomer generally looked out for comets , had a penetrating power much morethan sufficient to shew the new planet , since even the natural eye will reach it . But here we have an instance of the great difference in the effect of the two sorts of powers of telescopes for , on account of the smallness of the planet , a different sort of power , namely , that of magnifying , was required ; and , about the time of its discovery , I had been remarkably attentive to an improvement of this power , as I happened to be then much in want of it for my very close double stars.* On examining the nebula which had been discovered by many celebrated authors , and comparing my observations with the account of them in the Connoissance des Temps for 1 783 , 1 found that most of those which I could not resolve into stars with instruments of a small penetrating power , were easily resolved with telescopes of a higher power of this sort ; and , that the effect was not owing to the magnifying power I used upon these occasions , will fully appear from the observations ; for , when the closeness of the stars was such as to require a considerable degree of magnifying as well as penetrating power , it always appeared plainly , that the instrument which had the highest penetrating power resolved them best , provided it had as much of the other power as was required for the purpose . sept . 20 , 1783 , I viewed the nebula between FLAMSTEED'S 99th and Piscium , discovered by Mr. MECHAIN , in 1780 . " c It is not visible in the finder of my 7-feet telescope ; but " ' that of my 20-feet shews it . " Oct. 28 , 1784 , I viewed the same object with the 7-feet telescope . It is extremely faint . With a magnifying power of , It " seems to be a collection of very small stars : I see many of them . " At the time of these observations , my 7-feet telescope had only a common finder , with an aperture of the object glass of about of an inch in diameter , and a single eye-lens ; therefore its penetrating power was 7 " 3599 . The finder 2 of the 20-feet instrument , being achromatic , had an object glass i,17 inch in diameter ; its penetrating power , therefore , was 4,50 . Now , that one of them shewed the nebula and not the other , can only be ascribed to space-penetrating power , as both instruments were equal in magnifying power , and that so low as not to require an achromatic object glass to render the image sufficiently distinct . The 7-feet reflector evidently reached the stars of the nebula ; but its penetrating and magnifying powers are very considerable , as will be shewn presently . July 30 , 1783 , 1 viewed the nebula south preceding FLAMSTEED'S 24 Aquarii , discovered by Mr. MARALDI , in 1746 . " In the small sweeper , * this nebula appears like a telescopic comet . " Oct. 27 , 1794 . The same nebula with a 7-feet reflector . " I can see that it is a cluster of stars , many of them being cc visible . , " If we-compare the penetrating power of the two instruments , we find that we have in the first Z.Z _ and z in the latter I43X632-d2 ; -0,25 . However , the magni . ing power was partly concerned in this instance ; for , in the sweeper it was not sufficient to separate the stars properly . March 4 , . With a 7-feet reflector , I viewed the nebula near the 5th Serpentis , discovered by Mr. MESSIER , in 1764 . " It has several stars in it ; they are however so small that I " can but just perceive some , and suspect others . " May 31 , 1783 . The same nebula with a 10-feet reflector ; penetrating power / 43 . 2 " With a magnifying power of , it is all resolved into " stars : they are very close , and the appearance is beautiful . sc With , perfectly resolved . There is a considerable star not far from the middle ; another not far from one side , but out " 4 of the cluster ; another pretty bright one ; and a great number cc of small ones . " Here we have a case where the penetrating power of 2o fell short , when 29 resolved the nebula completely . This object requires also great magnifying power to shew the stars of it well ; but that power had before been tried , in the 7-feet as far as 460 without success , and could only give an indications of its being composed of stars ; whereas the lower magnifying power of 250 , with a greater penetrating power , in the 10-feet instrument , resolved the whole nebula into stars . May 3 , 178g . 1 viewed the nebula between 4 and e Ophiuchi , discovered by Mr. MESSIER , in 1764 . c With a lo-feet reflector , and a magnifying power of , cc I see several stars in it , and make no doubt a higher power , " c and more light , will resolve it all into stars . This seems to be " c a good nebula for the purpose of establishing the connection " between nebulae and clusters of stars in general . " June 18 , 1784 . The same nebula viewed with a large NEWTONIAN 2o-feet reflector ; penetrating power / ; and a magnifying power of . " c A very large and very bright cluster of excessively compressed stars . The stars are but just visible , and are of unequal magnitudes : the large stars are red ; and the cluster is " a miniature of that near FLAMSTEED 's 42d Comae Berenices . " RA 17h 6 ' 32 " ; PD 1080 i8 ' . " Here , a penetrating power of 29 , with a magnifying power of 250 , would barely shew a few stars ; when , in the other instrument , a power 6i of the first sort , and only 157 of the latter , shewed them completely well . July 4 , 1783 . I viewed the nebula between FLAMSTEED'S 25 and 26 Sagittarii , discovered by ABRAHAM IHLE , in i 665 . cc With a small 20-feet NEWTONIAN telescope , power 200 , " it is all resolved into stars , that are very small and close . " There must be some hundreds of them . With 350 , I see the " stars very plainly ; but the nebula is too low in this latitude for such a power . " July 12 , 1784 . 1 viewed the same nebula with Ca large 2o-feet NEWTONIAN reflector ; power 157 . " A most beautiful extensive cluster of stars , of various magnitudes , very compressed in the middle , and about 8 ' in . L " which probably would put on the same appearance as this , " if it were at a distance half as far again as it is . RA 17h 26 ' " 19/ ; PD 930 10 ' . " Here we may compare two observations ; one taken with the penetrating power of 39 , the other with 75 ; and , although the former instrument had far the advantage in magnifying power , the latter certainly gave a more complete view of the object . The 20-feet reflector having been changed from the NEWTONIAN form to my present one , I had a very striking instance of the great advantage of the increased penetrating power , in the discovery of the Georgian satellites . The improvement , by laying aside the small mirror , was from 61 to ; and , whereas the former was not sufficient to reach these faint objects , the latter shewed them perfectly well . March 14 , 1798 . 1 viewed the Georgian planet with a new 25-feet reflector . Its penetrating power is / ; and , having just before also viewed it with my 20-feet instrument , I found , that with an equal magnifying power of , the 25-feet telescope had considerably the advantage of the former . Feb. 24 , 1786 . I viewed the nebula near FLAMSTEED'S,5th Serpentis , which has been mentioned before , with my 20-feet reflector ; magnifying power ij . " The most beautiful extremely compressed cluster of small " stars ; the greatest part of them gathered together into one " brilliant nucleus , evidently consisting of stars , surrounded " with many detached gathering stars of the same size and " colour . RA 15h 7 ' 12 " ; PD 87 ' 8 ' . " May 27 , 1791 . I viewed the same object with my 40-feet telescope ; penetrating power ; magnify ing power 370 . " A beautiful cluster of stars . I counted about 200 of them . " c The middle of it is so compressed that it is impossible to distinguish the stars . " Here it appears , that the superior penetrating power of the 40-feet telescope enabled me even to count the stars of this nebula . It is also to be noticed , that the object did not strike me as uncommonly beautiful ; because , with much more than double the penetrating , and also more than double the magnifying power , the stars could not appear so compressed and small as in the 20-feet instrument : this , very naturally , must give it more the resemblance of a coarser cluster of stars , such as I had been in the habit of seeing frequently . The 40-feet telescope was originally intended to have been of the NEWTONIAN construction ; but , in the year 1787 , when I was experimentally assured of the vast importance of a power to penetrate into space , I laid aside the work of the small mirror , which was then in hand , and completed the instrument in its present form . " Oct. lo , . I saw the 4th satellite and the ring of Saturn , in the 40-feet speculum , without an eye glass . " The magnifying power on that occasion could not exceed 6o or 7o ; but the great penetrating power made full amends for the lowness of the former ; notwithstanding the greatest part of it must have been lost for want of a greater opening of the iris , which could not take in the whole pencil of rays , for this could not be less than 7 or 8 tenths of an inch . Among other instances of the superior effects of penetration into space , I should mention the discovery of an additional 6th satellite of Saturn , on the 28th of August , 1789 ; and of a 7th , on the 1 ith of September , in the same year ; which were first pointed out by this instrument . It is true that both satellites are within the reach of the 20-feet telescope ; but it should be remembered , that when an object is once discovered by a superior power , an inferior one will suffice to see it afterwards . I need not add , that neither the 7 nor -1o-feet telescopes will reach them ; their powers , 20 and 29 , are not sufficient to penetrate to such distant objects , when the brightness of them is not more than that of these satellites . It is also evident , that the failure in these latter instruments , arises not from want of magnifying power ; as either of them has much more than sufficient for the purpose . Nov. 5 , 1791 . I viewed Saturn with the 20 and 40-feet telescopes . " 20-feet . The 5th satellite of Saturn is very small . The ist , " ? d , 3d , 4th , 5th , and the new 6th satellite , are in their calculated places . 40-feet . I see the new 6th satellite much better with this instrument than with the 20-feet . The 5th is also much larger here than in the 20-feet ; in which it was nearly the same size " as a small fixed star , but here it is considerably larger than that star . " Here the superior penetrating power of the 40-feet telescope shewed itself on the 6th satellite of Saturn , which is a very faint object ; as it had also a considerable advantage in magnifying power , the disk of the 5th satellite appeared larger than in the 20-feet . But the small star , which may be said to be beyond the reach of magnifying power , could only profit by the superiority of the other power . Nov. 21 1791 . 40-feet reflector ; power 370 . T The black division upon the ring is as dark as the heavens about Saturn , and of the same colour . " " The shadow of the body of Saturn is visible upon the ring , " on the following side ; its colour is very different from that " of the dark division . The 5th satellite is less than the 3d ; it " is even less than the 2d . " 0o-feet reflector ; power 300 . " The 3d satellite seems to be smaller than it was the last night " butone . The 4th satellite seems to be larger than it was the " 19th . This telescope shews the satellites not nearly so well " as the 40-feet . " Here , the magnifying power being nearly alike , the superiority of the 40-feet telescope must be ascribed to its penetrating power . The different nature of the two powers above mentioned being thus evidently established , I must now remark , that , in some respects , they even interfere with each other ; a few instances of which I shall give . August 24 , i783 . I viewed the nebula north preceding FLAMSTEED'S 1 Trianguli , discovered by Mr. MEssIER , in 1764 . " 7-feet reflector ; power 57 . There is a suspicion that the " nebula consists of exceedingly small stars . With this low " power it has a nebulous appearance ; and it vanishes when I " put on the higher magnifying powers of 278 and 460 . " Oct. , . I viewed the same nebula with a 7-feet reflector . " It is large , but very faint . With 120 , it seems to be composed of stars , and I think I see several of them ; but it will " bear no magnifying power . " In this experiment , magnifying power was evidently injurious to penetrating power . I do not account for this upon the principle that by magnifying we make an object less bright ; for , when opticians have also demonstrated that brightness is diminished by magnifying , it must again be understood as relating only to the intrinsic brightness of the magnified picture ; its absolute brightness , which is the only one that concerns us at present , must always remain the same.* The real explanation of the fact , I take to be , that while the light collected is employed in magnifying the object , it cannot be exerted in giving penetrating power . June i8 , 1799 . I viewed the planet Venus with a 10-feet reflector . " c Its light is so vivid that it does not require , nor will it bear , a penetrating power of P9 , neither with a low nor with a cc high magnifying power . " This is not owing to the least imperfection in the mirror , which is truly parabolical , and shews , with all its aperture open , and a magnifying power of , the double star y Leonis in the greatest perfection . c It shewed Venus , perfectly well defined , with a penetrating " power as low as 14 , and a magnifying power of 400 , or . " Here , penetrating power was injurious to magnifying power ; and that it necessarily must be so , when carried to a high pitch , is evident ; for , by enlarging the aperture of the telescope , we increase the evil that attends magnifying , which is , that we cannot magnify the object without magnifying the medium . Now , since the air is very seldom of so homogeneous a disposition as to admit to be magnified highly , it follows that we must meet with impurities and obstructions , in proportion to its quantity . But the contents of the columns of air through which we look at the heavens by telescopes , being of equal lengths , must . be as their bases , that is , as the squares of the apertures of the telescopes ; and this is in a much higher ratio than that of the increase of the power of penetrating into space . From my long experience in these matters , I am led to apprehend , that the highest power of magnifying may possibly not exceed the reach of a oo or 25-feet telescope ; or may even lie in a less compass than either . However , in beautiful nights , when the outside of our telescopes is dropping with moisture discharged from thie atmosphere , there are now and then favourable hours , in which it is hardly possible to put a limit to magnifying power . But such valuable opportunities are extremely scarce ; and , with large instruments , it will always be lost labour to observe at other times . As I have hinted at the natural limits of magnifying power , I shall venture also to extend my surmises to those of penetrating power . There seems to be room for a considerable increase in this branch of the telescope ; and , as the penetrating power of my 40-feet reflector already goes to , there can hardly be any doubt but that it might be carried to 50o , and probably not much farther . The natural limit seems to be an equation between the faintest star that can be made visible , by any means , and the united brilliancy of star-light . For , as the light of the heavens , in clear nights , is already very considerable in my large telescope , it must in the end be so increased , by enlarging the penetrating power , as to become a balance to the light of all objects that are so remote as not to exceed in brightness the general light of the heavens . Now , if P be put for penetrating power , we have A= feet Sa inches for an aperture of a reflector , on my construction , that would have such a power of 00o . But , to return to our subject ; from what has been said before , we may conclude , that objects are viewed in their greatest perfection , when , in penetrating space , the magnifying power is so low as only to be sufficient to shew the object well ; and when , in magnifying objects , by way of examining them minutely , the space-penetrating power is no higher that what will suffice for the purpose ; for , in the use of either power , the injudicious overcharge of the other , will prove hurtful to perfect vision . It is remarkable that , from very different principles , I have formerly determined the length of the visual ray of my 20-feet telescope upon the stars of the milky way , so as to agree nearly with the calculations that have been given.* The extent of what I then figuratively called my sounding line , and what now appears to answer to the power of penetrating into space , was shewn to be not less than , 461 , and 497 times the distance of Sirius from the sun . We now have calculated that my telescope , in the NEWTON IAN form , at the time when the paper on the Construction of the Heavens was written , possessed a power of penetration , which exceeded that of natural vision 6i1 8 times ; and , as we have also shown , that stars at 8 , 9 , or at most 10 times the distance of Sirius , must become invisible to the eye , we may safely conclude , that no single star , above 489 , 551 , or at most 6i 2 times as far as Sirius can any longer be seen in this telescope . Now , the greatest length of the former visual ray , 497 agrees nearly with the lowest of these present numbers , 489 ; and the higher ones are all in favour of the former computation ; for that ray , though taken from what was perhaps not far from its greatest extent , night possibly have reached to some distance beyond the apparent bounds of the milky way : but , if there had been any considerable difference in these determinations , we should remember that some of the data by which I have now calculated are only assumed . For instance , if the opening of the iris , when we look at a star of the 7th magnitude , should be only one-tenth of an inch and a half , instead of two , then a , in our formula , will be ij ; which , when resolved , will give a penetrating power of ; and therefore , on this supposition , our telescope would easily have shewn stars 57 times as far from us as Sirius ; and only those at 6o5 , 731 , or 816 times the same distance , would have been beyond its reach . My reason for fixing upon two-tenths , rather than a lower quantity , was , that I might not run a risk of over-rating the powers of my instruments . I have it however in contemplation , to determine this quantity experimentally , and perceive already , that the difficulties which attend this subject may be overcome . It now only remains to shew , how far the penetrating power , 192 , of my large reflector , will really reach into space . Then , since this number has been calculated to be in proportion to the standard of natural vision , it follows , that if we admit a star of the 7th magnitude to be visible to the unassisted eye , this telescope will shew stars of the one thousand three hundred and forty-second magnitude . But , as we did not stop at the single stars above mentioned , when the penetration of the natural eye was to be ascertained , so we must now also call the united lustre of sidereal systems to our aid in stretching forwards into space . Suppose therefore , a cluster of stars to be at one of those immense distances to which only a 40-feet reflector can reach and our formula will give us the means of calculating what that may be . For , putting S for the number of stars in the cluster , and D for its distance , we have which , on computation . a *D 1645 ~63rS~ miles . comes out to be above ii millions of millions of millions of miles ! A number which exceeds the distance of the nearest fixed star , at least three hundred thousand times . From the above considerations it follows , that the range for observing , with a telescope such as my 40-feet reflector , is indeed very extensive . We have the inside of a sphere to examine , the radius of which is the immense distance just now assigned to be within the reach of the penetration of our instruments , and of which all the celestial objects visible to the eye , put together , form as it were but the kernel , while all the immensity of its thick shell is reserved for the telescope . It follows , in the next place , that much time must be required for going through so extensive a range . The method of examining the heavens , by sweeping over space , instead of looking merely at places that are known to contain objects , is the only one that can be useful for discoveries . In order therefore to calculate how long a time it must take to sweep the heavens , as far as they are within the reach of my 40-feet telescope , charged with a magnifying power of , I have had recourse to my journals , to find how many favourable hours we may annually hope for in this climate . It is to be noticed , that the nights must be very clear ; the moon absent ; no twilight ; no haziness ; no violent wind ; and no sudden change of temperature ; then also , short intervals for filling up broken sweeps will occasion delays ; and , under all these circumstances , it appears that a year which will afford 90 , or at most hours , is to be called very productive . In the equator , with my go-feet telescope , I have swept over zones of two degrees , with a power of ; but , an allowance of io minutes in polar distance must be made , for lapping the sweeps over one another where they join . As the breadth of the zones may be increased towards the poles , the northern hemisphere may be swept in about 40 zones : to these we must add , 19 southern zones then , 59 zones , which , on account of the sweeps lapping over one another about ' of time in right ascension , we must reckon of 25 hours each , . will give 1475 hours . And , allowing ioo hours per year , we find that , with the 2o-feet telescope , the heavens may be swept in about 14 years and 4 . Now , the time of sweeping with different magnifying powers will be as the squares of the powers ; and , putting p and t for the power and time in the 20-feet telescope , and P iooo for the power in the 40 , we shall have pf : t : : P : p 59840t . Then , making the same allowance of 0oo hours per year , it appears that it will require not less than 598 years , to look with the 40-feet reflector , charged with the above mentioned power ; only one single moment into each part of space ; and , even then so much of the southern hemisphere will remain unexplored , as will take up 213 years more to examine . Slough , near Windsor , June zo , I799g 
PHILOSOPHICAL TRANSACTIONS . X. On the Anatomy of the Mole-cricket . By J. KIDD , M. D. and F. R. S. Reg . Prof. of Medicine in the University of Oxford . Read February 3 and February io , 1825 . T HE following observations contain the principal points of a laborious examination of the anatomical structure of the gryllotalpa , or mole-cricket ; and if I dare hope that that examination has been conducted with any thing like adequate accuracy , I need not apologize for the length of the details with which the account of it is accompanied , since CUVIER has affirmed of an entire volume written by LYONNET on the anatomy of a single species of caterpillar , that it contains not one word that is useless . Natural science indeed has now arrived at that point , in which individual detail is requisite for the acquisition not only of a surer basis of classification of species , but also of more correct principles of general physiology . Independently however of these considerations , the insect , which is the subject of the present communication , is so singular in its structure and habits , and is in some parts of the world so formidable to the agriculturist , as to render its history peculiarly interesting . It is described under various names ; as the earth-crab , from its general appearance ; vermis cucurbitarius , from the mischief it does to cucumber-beds . By the French naturalists it is called courtiliere . The best account of the mole-cricket with which I have met is in a well known etymological work by ROSEL , published at Nuremberg in 1749 . This account is accompanied by the best engravings also of the external characters of the animal in its different states : and the value of these engravings is greatly enhanced by the accuracy with which they are coloured . ROSEL says that about the month of June or July , rarely later , the gravid female gryllotalpa excavates a cavity , from 4 to 5 inches beneath the surface of the earth , in which she deposits her eggs in one heap , to the number of three hundred or more ; and dies within a few weeks afterwards . At the end of about a month the young mole-crickets are produced ; and appear , on a hasty survey , to bear a general resemblance to the ant . Between the time of their birth and the commencement of winter , the young animals cast their skin three times ; they lie dormant during the winter , deeper in the earth in proportion to the inclemency of the season ; and during this period cast their skin for the fourth time . About May they leave their winter quarters , and at this time are furnished with the rudiments of their future wings , four in number ; which differ remarkably in size and form and position from those of the perfect insect ; in which the inferior Ion wings are folded in a very curious manner , while in the imperfect insect they are always open . During the month of June or July they cast their skin for the fifth and last time ; after which the wings acquire a permanent character , and the insect becomes capable of propagating its species . ROSEL says that he himself never dissected a mole-cricket ; but reports , on the authority of others , that its stomach resembles that of the locust , represented in his ninth plate of the series of that tribe of insects . I may here add , from my own observation , that it very closely resembles that of the gryllus viridissimus , and also that of a species of gryllus preserved in the Ashmolean Museum , which answers to the pneumora of LAMARCK : it also somewhat resembles that of a locust , marked 614 in the Hunterian collection ; and , still more , that of the Cape grasshopper , engraved in the 84th plate of the first part of Sir E. HOME'S Comparative Anatomy . It appears from ROSEL'S account , that while very young , these insects are gregarious , but not afterwards ; that they are usually found in the vicinity of meadows and of fields of corn , particularly of barley ; to which they are very detrimental by feeding on the roots , and thus intercepting the due nourishment of the plants themselves . I have no doubt of the general accuracy of the foregoing remarks of ROSEL , and have little to add to his account of the natural history of this insect . I have hitherto met with the mole-cricket in one situation only ; namely , in some peat-bogs , at the distance of a few miles to the west of Oxford . In the neighbourhood of these peat-bogs the insects are familiarly known by the name 205 of croakers , from the peculiar sound which they occasionally make ; a sound not very unlike , but more shrill and more soft than that of the frog . This sound , even in the case of a single individual , may be heard at the distance of some yards ; but when made by numerous individuals at the same time it may be heard , as I have reason to believe , at the distance of some hundred yards , provided the air be in a favourable state . I have usually found the insect within a foot and a half of the surface , and in parts where the peat was neither quite dry , nor very moist ; of such a consistence indeed as is most favourable to the mining operations of the animal . The accounts of different authors differ as to the food of the mole-cricket . Having kept several individuals in glass vessels during some weeks , I observed , that of all kinds of vegetable food they preferred the potatoe , while cucumber they hardly touched ; but if raw meat were offered them they attacked it with great greediness , and in preference to every thing else . And , when they had been kept , though even but for a short time ' without any food , they did not hesitate to attack each other ; in which case the victor soon devoured the flesh and softer parts of the vanquished . As I have not unfrequently found them in their native haunts maimed in various parts of the body , I have very little doubt that , although captivity may increase their ferocity , they are not , even in a natural state , free from each other 's attacks . If they are carnivorous , they probably feed on worms , and various larve , which are abundant in the peat-bogs above-mentioned , for I have repeatedly found the horny and indigestible parts of insects within their stomachs . Similar relics I have found in the stomach of the pneumora and gryllus viridissimus . The 206 two following facts attest in the tribe of insects to which the mole-cricket belongs a remarkable degree of voracity , and an equally remarkable power of abstaining from food . My friend Dr. MACARTNEY , of Dublin , informs me that he has known a gryllus devour a portion of its own body : on the other hand , my friend Mr. BUCKLAND , of this University , gave me , at the commencement of the present summer , a living gryllotalpa , which had been confined during nine or ten months in a tin case , containing a small quantity of garden mould , without the possibility of having met with any other nourishment than such as that portion of mould might be supposed to contain . External characters of the perfect gryllotalpa . In this , as in the case of every other animal with whose habits of life we are acquainted , we see a perfect accommodation in form and structure to the circumstances in which the individual is naturally placed . Destined like the common mole to live beneath the surface of the earth , and to excavate a passage for itself through the soil which it inhabits , the gryllotalpa is furnished like the mole , with limbs particularly calculated for burrowing ; with a skin which effectually prevents the adhesion of the moist earth through which it moves ; and with exactly that form and structure of body , by which it is enabled to penetrate the opposing medium with the greatest ease . At the same time , in order to prevent the necessity of its excavating a track so wide as to admit of the body being turned round in case of a desire to retreat , it is endued with the power of moving as easily in a retrograde as in a progressive direction ; and , apparently to perform the 207 office of antennae , which warn the insect of approaching danger in its progressive motions , it has two appendages , which might not improperly be called caudal antennae , evidently calculated to serve a similar purpose during its retrogade motions ; particularly ; as they are furnished with very large nerves . The indifference with which the insect is disposed to move in either direction is manifested by the following experiment : if you touch it towards the head , it retreats ; if towards the other extremity of the body , it advances . The general colour of the animal is such as indirectly to serve as a protection to it , being nearly of the same hue as the vegetable mould in which it lives ; so that it is not very readily distinguished upon being first turned up to view ; and its safety seems to be still farther insured by the appearance of death , which , in common with many other insects , it assumes when suddenly disturbed . This stratagem , for so it may be called , appears to be most decidedly practised by the animal while in captivity ; and if thrown at random out of the vessel in which it has been confined , however unnatural the posture may be into which it has been thrown , it remains as it were in a state of catalepsy during half a minute or more ; the first indication which it gives of recovery from this stupor , invariably consists in a motion of the extremity of the antenna . The general colour of the insect is a dusky brown , passing either into a reddish brown , or into an ochry yellow ; those parts being of the darkest colour which are most exposed to view when the animal is moving in the open air . Every part of the body is to a greater or less degree covered by a kind of down , which seems to be the efficient cause of its capa0o8 bility of repelling moisture ; which capability is so remarkable , that when the insect is plunged under water , it appears as if cased in silver , or some bright metallic covering : this appearance being evidently derived from a stratum of air , interposed between its body and the surrounding liquid . This down not only serves to repel the adhesion of any moist substance to its body , but also facilitates the motion of the animal , by lessening the degree of friction which would otherwise take place ; and it is owing to the same circumstance that there is an unusual degree of difficulty in retaining a sure hold of the insect , even when dead ; but more especially when alive , and struggling against detention . The degree of force which it commonly exerts on such occasions is very remarkable ; and , from the sensation produced , may easily be supposed to be what ROSEL says it is , equal to the counterpoise of two or three pounds . The skin or covering of the insect is in some parts nothing more than a thin membrane ; in other parts it resembles soft leather ; and sometimes equals horn or even shell in its degree of hardness . The mole-cricket is more distinctly divisible than most other insects into three separate parts , which I will call respectively the head , the thorax , and the abdomen ; although I am aware that the anterior part of that which I call the abdomen is usually considered as a part of the thorax . Of the three parts above-mentioned , the head is not above onetwelfth the length of the whole body ; the thorax threetwelfths ; and the abdomen eight-twelfths . The head is united to the thorax , as the thorax also is united to the abdomen , by means of a loose membrane , which envelopes the muscles that pass respectively from one to the 209 other ; and it is in consequence of the looseness of these membranes that the animal is enabled either to separate the connected parts to a considerable distance from each other ; or to contract them so closely together as to hide the interposed membranes from view ; and , from the arched form of the anterior part of the thorax it can draw in its head under that part , much after the manner of a tortoise . The same flexibility of the connecting membranes enables the animal to place either its head or its thorax at a considerable angle with the rest of the body ; a movement which is very characteristic of this insect , and gives it an air of intelligence ; the attitude being apparently that of watching , or listening . The head.* All the upper part and the sides of the head form a hard , thick , horny case , containing the various muscles which move the jaws ; and , in order to strengthen this case , two firm bars run transversely across the bottom both of the anterior and posterior margin ; which bars are themselves united together by a still stronger bar or beam , which runs longitudinally from the middle of the one to the middle of the other . There is nothing very remarkable in the parts which constitute the mouth , excepting the maxillary and labial palpi . In the maxillary palpi there are five joints or parts ; in the labial there are three ; and the last of these joints in each of the palpi terminates in a rounded extremity , like a pestle ; this extremity , which is of a honey-yellow colour , is perfectly smooth , while every other part of the palpi has a rough and hairy surface . In their natural position the palpi are bent and projected forward , so as to resemble the fore-legs of a horse in the act of cantering . *Vide Fig. i and z. Plate XV . 210 :The antennae , which are situated near the articulation of the mandibles , consist of a great number of minute segments ; resembling beads of a circular form : the number of these beads , which varies in different instances , is usually from 1oo to i 1o ; rarely more or less : but it is worth noticing that in examining the two antennae of the same individual , I sometimes found the number of beads greater in one than in the other ; and as the terminal bead differs in its form from all the rest , the result of the examination is less open to doubt than it would otherwise have been . Each bead is united to the one that precedes and the one that follows it by means of a soft , white , very flexible membrane ; in consequence of which , and of the number of the joints , the insect can move and bend the antennae with great facility in every direction , excepting at the very root : there the motion is confined by a ridge that only admits of its being directed from behind , forwards , or vice versd . The anterior edge of each bead is fringed with bristly hair ; which , surrounding the joint that connects it to the following bead , gives to the whole , when viewed by a magnifying lens , the appearance of a sprig of equisetum . The beads are upon the whole larger , in proportion as they are nearer to the origin of the antennae : but here and there , and without any regularity in the variation , one of the beads is either much larger or much smaller than those in the vicinity . Whatever be the primary use of the antennae and palpi , on which subject entomologists are not agreed , their general importance is allowed by all ; and is evinced in the particular instance now before us by the extraordinary attention bestowed upon them by this insect . Those who may be led to watch its habits , will repeatedly observe the antennae bent forwards and downwards , by a curious application of the fore-legs towards the mouth : and then by a regulated motion , not unlike that by which the resin is applied to the bow of a violin , they are passed between the maxille : in order , as it would appear , either to moisten the organs , or to disengage from their surface , particles of dust or other extraneous substances which may have accidentally adhered to it . With a more rapid motion the insect from time to time dresses , if I may use the expression , its palpi ; bending them inwards and brushing the surface of their extreme parts by a frequent application of the maxille . A similar care of the antennae and palpi is observable in the gryllus viridissimus ; with the additional circumstance , that that insect very often passes between its maxillae the curiously padded surfaces of its feet , much in the same manner as a cat licks its paws . The eyes.* The gryllotalpa has two compound eyes , as they are called , and two ocelli or stemmata . LATREILLE uses this expression " ocellus medius subobiteratus ; " from which it may be inferred that he supposes the ocelli to be three in number ; but after the most careful examination I have not been able to discover more than two . The compound eyes are situated immediately behind , but a little exteriorly to the antennae : the corneae of these eyes , which are large in proportion to the size of the head , are segments of a sphere ; flattened however on the inner side so as to present a vertical plane surface to a similar plane surface in the opposite eye ; and it is remarkable that this part of the cornea , and the mere margin of the rest of it , are the only parts capable of freely transmitting light : all the remaining portion is covered , on the interior surface , by an opaque pulpy membrane , or pigments of a mulberry colour ; yet the portion obstructed by this pigment is in itself nearly as transparent as flint-glass : it is studded over on the interior surface with numerous depressions of a circular form , which , being very closely set together , give it a reticulated appearance . The stemmata are placed between the middle of the compound eyes , so as to be rather further from each other than from the eye of the same side . They are not so large as a very minute pin 's head , of a lenticular form , perfectly transparent , but not quite colourless , resembling particles of very pale cairngorum quartz . In two instances I have found only one of the stemmata , without any trace of the other . An anomaly somewhat of the same kind has been observed by the father of my friend Dr. OGLE , of this University , in the case of a man ; on one side of whose breast the usual rudiments of a mamma were entirely wanting . With respect to the small quantity of light admissible through the corneae of the eyes of the mole-cricket , it is apparently sufficient for the purposes of an animal living almost constantly underground . The spherical form of that part of the corneae which is itself incapable of transmitting light is probably intended , as was suggested to me by Mr. WHESSEL , to whom I am indebted for the principal drawing which accompanies this paper , as a protection for the vertical transparent portion . The thorax.* The form of this part is that of an irregular cylinder , passing into a cone towards the anterior part : the upper portion and the sides , which are covered with a remarkably smooth down resembling the finest velvet , form a horny case of considerable thickness and strength ; which contains , or , more properly speaking , is almost entirely occupied by the very large and powerful muscles which move the fore-legs . It is divided longitudinally into two equal parts by an almost bony septum of a complicated form : this septum upon the whole bears an obvious resemblance , but in an inverted position , to the deep sternum , together with the furcular clavicle of birds , and is destined indeed to a similar use ; to give attachment to the powerful muscles which are to move the anterior extremities . It differs however from the corresponding part in birds in two considerable points . It differs , first , in consisting of two laminae instead of one : these lamina are parallel to , but distinctly separated from each other , so as to give passage to the esophagus , and room for the attachment of muscles which assist in moving the adjacent parts . It differs again from the sternum of birds by having a very hard spine , which resembles a common thorn , attached to the inferior and posterior edge of the furcular bone , and passing rather obliquely downwards and backwards . This process serves for the attachment of numerous muscles which adhere very firmly to it , and are inserted on either side of the commencement of the abdomen ; enabling the animal to bend its thorax to an angle with the abdomen , a posture which has already been described as very characteristic of this insect . From the under part of the thorax and near its posterior extremity arise the two fore-legs ; those singular instruments which so peculiarly characterize the mole-cricket . Compared indeed with the other legs , and with the general size of the animal , they are as if the brawny hand and arm of a robust dwarf were set on the body of a delicate infant ; and the indications of strength which their structure manifests , fully answer to their extraordinary size : but I shall describe them more particularly hereafter , and proceed now to the description of the abdomen . The abdomen.* In its general form and structure this part resembles the corresponding part of the hornet : but it consists of more segments , and is much less bright in colour . There are twelve segments in the abdomen of the gryllotalpa , of which the nearest to the thorax carries the upper pair of wings on its upper part , and the middle pair of legs on its lower part ; the next segment carries the under pair of wings on its upper part , and the hind pair of legs on its under part . These two segments which are usually described in entomological systems as belonging to the thorax , are of a horny consistence and very hard on their upper side ; while all the rest are merely membranous ; they are also covered with much long and rough hair , while all the rest , excepting the last but one , are sparingly covered with short hairs . The last segment but one is furnished on each side of its upper surface with a row of red hairs or bristles , which are curved inwards in a direction towards each other ; obviously for the purpose of preventing the folded extremities of the under wings from falling off the back on either side . The under surfaces of all the segments are of a thicker substance than the upper , and are covered entirely with a coarse down , which probably gives the animal a more firm hold while in the act of burrowing . In the last segment is situated the vent , formed by three oval flaps , two below , and one above . This segment sends out from each side of its upper surface two caudal antennae , as I have ventured to call them , of a tapering form , which differ essentially in structure from those of the head , inasmuch as they are not jointed in any part of their extent , excepting at their very commencement : they are furnished with short hairs set comparatively closely about every part ; among which are interspersed long single hairs . These caudal antennae are evidently very sensible , and serve probably to give the animal notice of the approach of any annoyance from behind ; they are partially hollow throughout great part of their extent , and muscles may be traced into them from the inner and adjoining part of the abdomen . The legs . The anterior legs passing out from under the hind part of the thorax , advance by the side of the head in a direction parallel to each other , which is their natural position while the animal is at rest . I should deem it a servile adherence to system were I to describe the parts composing these legs by the terms strictly indicative of the order of their succession ; for , thus , that part which answers so eminently to the character of a hand , must be called the tibia . I shall beg leave therefore to state principally that the foreleg of this insect consists of three main parts , with a lateral appendage attached to the last of them . The two first of the three parts bear some general resemblance to the claw of the crab ; being short and thick , for the purpose of affording 216 room for powerful muscles , intended to move the last part ; which is the immediate instrument employed by the animal in burrowing . It might I think be asserted , without the fear of contradiction , that throughout the whole range of animated nature , there is not a stronger instance of what may be called intentional structure , than is afforded by that part of the mole-cricket which I am now to describe.* The natural and constant position of this member is worth noticing ; the palm , as it may be called , facing outwards , and the claws ranging not in a horizontal but a vertical line , so that none of them but the lowermost , and not even this necessarily , touches the surface on which the animal is walking . Accordingly the insect does not make much use of its fore-legs in walking ; and , if irritated , it advances towards you with these legs elevated , in a menacing attitude as it were ; not unlike the corresponding attitude of the insect , called the mantis . The form of the hand is that of a triangle ; the base of which is formed by the four claws , while the apex is situated at the joint connecting this with the preceding part ; by which form and disposition , two important objects are gained ; for the joint is thus capable of a much greater extent of motion than it could have possessed , had the articulating surface been more than a mere point ; and at the same time , the greater extent of the base enables it to act with more powerful and more rapid effect than could have been otherwise produced . The four claws , which form this base , constitute the proper burrowing instrument ; and their shape and structure are beautifully adapted to the pur* Vide fig . S. pose : for instead of being covered with down or hair , like all the rest of the limb , they are hard , and have a perfectly polished surface ; doubtless in order to prevent as much as possible the adhesion of the earth through which the animal is to make its way ; they have each of them sharp but strong points , which proceeding from a broad base are thus rendered more effectual . In each also of the claws one of the edges is sharp , while the other is comparatively blunt ; and all the cutting edges , as also the terminating points , are directed downwards . Their outer surfaces are slightly concave both in the longitudinal and transverse direction ; so that all together they form a scoop as it were , by which the earth that has been scraped off by the points is moved out of the way . They are also each of them divided longitudinally on their concave side by three or four slight ridges ; so that , though highly polished , their surface is not absolutely smooth : and thus being concave and uneven , they are more apt to retain particles of the excavated earth ; which , by filling up the indentations of the claws would necessarily impede their due action . To obviate this inconvenience , an exceedingly curious instrument is attached to the upper part of the concave surface of this member:this instrument consists of two claws , closely resembling those already described , having by their side a small brush as it were , which terminates in two spines . These two claws , together with the piece bearing the spines , arise from a single piece , or handle , which is articulated in such a manner , as to move in a plane parallel to that ' in which the four claws are placed ; but in a direction opposite to that in which they are moved : they are also placed in such a manner that their points and cutting '18 edges are opposed to the points and cutting edges of the true claws and hence the two parts , thus opposed to each other , act like the blades of a pair of shears . When first I considered this mechanism , and remembered that in the localities where I had found the animal , the earth was frequently traversed by fibrous vegetable roots , which must necessarily retard its progress , I supposed that it used this instrument as a pair of shears to cut through those fibres . It is ROSEL'S opinion , however , that the instrument is intended to clear the true claws of the dirt that may from time to time collect upon and clog them ; and unless both opinions be true , ROSEL'S appears the more probable . But I have not yet concluded the account of the curious mechanism of this member : for the brush which has just been described , has only such an extent of motion as enables it to clear the two uppermost claws , or at most , the three uppermost ; the two lowermost however may effectually be cleared by a kind of feathered spur , which , arising from the further extremity of the joint answering to the femur , proceeds directly towards the lowest part of the burrowing instrument , and is easily made to sweep over the surface of the two last claws by bending the intermediate joint , the only difference in its mode of action being , that it passes over their inner instead of their outer surface . The middle pair of legs , which are the smallest of the three pairs , arises from the under part of the first segment of the abdominal division : they pass out from the body at right angles to the abdomen , and usually are seen in that direction whether the animal be in motion or at rest . They consist each of four parts ; a very short coxa , a femur and tibia nearly equal in length to each other , and a tarsus , which consists of two long and an intermediate short joint ; the last joint terminated by two curved spines . There are several sharp , hard , straight spines near the angle made by the union of the tibia with the tarsus ; some of which being directed downwards , give the insect a firmer hold in walking . The hind legs bear a general resemblance to the middle legs ; but the coxa , femur , and tibia , the femur especially , are much larger and stronger ; the relative position of the parts with respect to each other is the same as that of the middle legs ; but their general direction , instead of being at right angles to that of the abdomen , is parallel to it . In addition to several sharp spines placed about the joint of the tibia and tarsus , and directed downwards as in the middle legs , there are four or five others placed at the back of the tibia near its lower extremity , and pointing slightly downwards . The structure of the tarsus scarcely differs from that of the middle leg . These hind legs are evidently the great instruments of progressive or retrogressive motion . The wings . There are two pair of wings : the upper pair arising from each side of the first segment of the abdomen partially cover the lower pair , which arise from each side of the second segment . In several instances I found adhering to the body , in the vicinity of the roots of the wings , a minute parasytic insect of a light scarlet colour ; the number of these parasytic insects rarely exceeded eight or ten in the same mole-cricket , but in one instance I counted nearly forty.* The upper wings in the full-grown mole-cricket are not above one-fourth the size of the other pair ; they are of an oval form and convex externally ; and their nervures or wing-bones , as they are called by Dr. LEACH , are remarkably thick and hard . The under wings when expanded , measure full three inches from the outer extremity of one to the corresponding extremity of the other . They may be compared in form to a bivalve shell , contracted and elongated towards the hinge , at which point is the joint of the wing ; from hence , as many as thirty nervures , almost all of which are remarkably delicate , radiate in straight lines to every part of the extremity . A very thin and nearly colourless and transparent membrane forms the medium through which these nervures radiate ; and throughout the whole expanse of the wing , these nervures are mutually united by more delicate nervures , which cross at nearly regular intervals , and at right angles from one to the other , presenting altogether the appearance of a curiously checquered surface . These wings , though so broad when expanded , are scarcely the twelfth of an inch in breadth when folded ; and appear at first view , in this state , any thing but what they really are . They have indeed been often mistaken for a mere caudiform appendage to the other wings , from under which they emerge . When folded , and they fold themselves longitudinally like a fan , their very delicate texture is protected by the following simple contrivance . In each wing the two exterior longitudinal nervures , with their intervening membrane , are comparatively strong and thick ; and these form the lateral walls of the wings when folded . In each wing also there are two other nervures not far from the former , and circumstanced like them with respect 2s1 to strength ; which , when the wings are folded , close together so as to form a horizontal covering , or roof , of sufficient strength to protect the subjacent membrane from ordinary accidents . As the narrow case formed by the wings thus folded extends beyond the extremity of the abdomen , and might easily slip off so convex and smooth a surface , such an accident is guarded against by the contrivance already described , namely , an apparatus of hairs or bristles placed on either side of the upper surface of the last segment but one . The digestive organs.* It is mentioned in the 48th Letter of WHITE'S Natural History of Selborne , on the authority of Anatomists who have examined the intestines of the molecricket , that " from the number of its stomachs or maws , there seems to be good reason to suppose that it ruminates , or chews the cud like many quadrupeds . " A cursory view of these parts however is enough to show , that such an opinion could only have been deduced from some very general points of resemblance , and the probability of its truth is entirely destroyed upon an examination of their internal structure . In fact , the digestive organs of this insect resemble more closely those of a granivorus bird than of any other animal , as will appear from the following description . The esophagus , which on its upper side is blended with , and forms a continuation of the inner surface of the upper lip , commences on the lower surface in a loose corrugated tongue , as it were , which is attached at its base to the inner surface of the lower lip ; from hence it is continued along the under part of the head and neck , and between the bony laminae of the sternum , Vide fig . 6 . in the form of a distensible and longitudinally folded tube of a reddish brown colour ; it then passes on among the muscles of the two hind pair of legs , and at length terminates in a very large crop of an oval form . In the vicinity of the mouth it is surrounded by muscles which arise from its outer coat , and are inserted at nearly right angles into the adjacent parts ; these muscles of course serving to open and distend it . In the crop itself two sets of muscular fibres are very easily discernible , some running in the direction of its length , others surrounding it in the opposite direction ; and it is lined by a very thin membrane having a cuticular character . The tube which passes from the crop towards the intestines commences so near the termination of the esophagus , that externally it appears to be a continuation of the latter ; it is very thick and strong in comparison with its diameter , and consists of a coat of muscular fibres disposed circularly , lined by a membrane which has evidently a glandular character . This tube terminates at a short distance from its commencement in a small organ , scarcely larger than a hemp-seed , which may very properly be called a gizzard ; though more complicated in its structure , and more effectual for the intended purpose than the gizzard of any bird . The form of the gizzard is nearly spherical , and it consists of a thick external muscular coat , which is lined by a glandular membrane of very singular construction ; the inner surface being divided longitudinally into six equal parts , separated from each other by two horny ridges of a dark brown colour ; each division is furnished with three series of serrated teeth , of the consistence of tortoise-shell , and nearly 223 of the same colour , running from the top to the bottom ; of which those of the middle series are twice as broad and more complicated in form than those of the lateral series . As there are fifteen teeth in each of the three series of the six divisions , the gizzard contains in the whole 270 teeth.* In separating the muscular coat of the gizzard from that which lines it , which may be easily done by maceration , the exterior surface of the glandular coat in which the teeth are inserted is exposed to view . The appearance of this surface is very singular , and may be compared to a piece of fine lace-work , of which the meshes represent the intervals of the inserted teeth , the parts of the membrane in which the roots of the teeth are inserted resembling the lace-work itself . Four of the divisions above described are elongated so as to terminate in a tapering membranous appendage , consisting of a natural fold , which serves to convey onwards any fluid particles that may have been pressed out by the action of the gizzard ; and these four appendages so collapse together as to form a point , as it were , which lies immediately in contact with the commencement of the common intestines . This apparatus is only discoverable by dissection ; for it is contained in a large membranous cavity of the shape of a horseshoe , the base of which passes across the lower extremity of the gizzard , while the sides form two enormous caeca , which ascend obliquely outwards on each side of the gizzard . As the muscular compression of the gizzard must necessarily have a tendency to force a part of any expressed fluid back into the esophagus , we may expect this organ to be so constructed as to prevent such an effect ; and it is pro* Vide fig , 6 , 7 , 8 . 124 bably for this purpose , that its upper part is furnished with several projecting papillae , each terminating in a small horny particle ; which , like the sesamoid particles in the semilunar valves of the human aorta , may serve to complete the valvular action of the papillae to which they are attached . The caeca which have been above described , are traversed longitudinally by several very broad duplicatures of their internal membrane ; and judging from their usual contents , these appendages of the intestine are destined to receive and to perfect the digestion of those particles of food from which the gizzard has pressed out the liquid contents ; and while , by means of the membranous folds already described , the expressed fluid is conveyed immediately into the mouth of the intestinal canal that passes from the general caecal cavity , the caeca themselves receive the solid compressed particles which are forced out laterally at the extremities of those two divisions of the gizzard , which , having no membranous fold attached to them , leaves thus a vacant interval for the passage of the undigested mass . That this opinion is correct may be presumed , not only from the very mechanism of the parts , but from the state of the contents of the caeca , which are of a less crude character than the contents of the crop , and of a more crude character than the contents of the portion of intestine immediately beyond them . A strong confirmation of the foregoing opinion is obtained from a comparison of this part of the anatomy of the mole-cricket , with that of the corresponding part in the ostrich ; the stomach of which bird , acting like a gizzard by means of numerous pebbles which it takes into that organ , is aided by two enormous ceca , which , though they are not immediately in contact 125 with the stomach , are not far removed from it ; and like the stomach , contain numerous pebbles , which are both smaller and smoother than those of the stomach itself , as being only destined to act on food already partially digested . The analogy on which I have just insisted , is strengthened by the fact , that there are very large duplicatures of the internal coat of the caca of the ostrich , as in the corresponding parts of the mole-cricket . I either therefore misunderstand , or cannot agree with M. MARCEL DE SERRES , the author of a very interesting paper on the Intestinal Canal of Insects , published in the 76th vol. of the Journal de Physique ; who seems to attribute to the aeca above described , the office of an hepatic organ , and calls them " Vaisseaux hepatiques superieures , " in contradistinction to another organ situated lower down in the intestines , and acknowledged by all to be of an hepatic character . From the common base of the two caeca a very narrow but powerfully muscular tube , which might with much propriety be called the jejunum , passes onwards for a very short space , and terminates in a large intestine ; this intestine , which is eight or ten times the diameter of the jejunum , contracts very gradually as it proceeds , till , near the extremity of the rectum it swells out very considerably . This large intestine is slightly convoluted in its course , and is usually more or less distended with a black pasty matter resembling soft clay . Among the contents of the upper part of this large intestine were almost invariably found from ten to twenty worms , of a white colour , and of a shape resembling the lumbricus teres of the human intestines , but thicker in proportion to their length , and narrowing more suddenly 26 towards their caudal extremity . In all of these worms the common intestines were distinctly visible through the integuments ; and in many of them were distinctly visible also from ten to fifteen ova.* On opening and removing the contents of the upper portion of the great intestine , four rows of minute bodies of a glandular character , t and of nearly a black colour , are brought into view ; two of which rows originate from the very commencement of the great intestine , and pass downwards through more than half its course : exteriorly to these two rows are two others , one on each side , which are parallel to the preceding , but originate at some distance from the commencement of the intestine . Immediately below the termination of this glandular apparatus is a small opening , very readily distinguishable on the inner surface of the intestine ; which is the orifice of a cylindrical tube of a white colour , and of about the size of a horse hair . This tube , after having been traced a short distance in a direction towards the gizzard , is lost in a mass or brush of still smaller tubes of an exceedingly bright yellow colour ; these tubes , which amount probably to 15o or 200 , ? are partially coiled round the contiguous viscera so as not to be very easily disentangled . A similar organ is represented in Sir EVERARD HOME'S Comparative Anatomy , vol. i. pl . 84 , as belonging to the Cape grasshopper ; it was originally considered by Mr. HUNTER , and is considered generally at present , as answering to the liver of the higher classes of animals . Each of these tubes springs out of a common cavity in which the white tube from the intestine terminates ; but at their free extremity they are all impervious . Each tube appears partially filled with a granular pulpy substance which is almost universally of a bright yellow colour ; though sometimes a particle is visible here and there of a clear light green colour , and I have seen similar green particles in the duct leading from the intestines . The following peculiarity is observable in the individual structure of these tubes : their diameter for about one-third of their course from the closed extremity is very small , and they are colourless , and apparently empty ; after which they suddenly undergo a considerable enlargement , become yellow , and are partially filled with the contents above described . Maceration in water destroys the yellow colour in the course of a few minutes ; from whence it may be inferred , that after death the colouring matter transudes through the tubes containing it a circumstance observable also with respect to the biliary vessels of the higher orders of animals ; but it seems certain that no such transudation takes place during the life of the animal ; for , upon examination of the insect soon after death , I have never found the adjacent parts coloured , as they would have been by the escape of the contents of the tubes . The portion of the intestine below the orifice of the hepatic duct , as it may be called , appears to be externally traversed in a longitudinal direction by several rows of small convex eminences resembling beads ; these are the outer surfaces of so many corresponding internal sinuses , which are probably formed as the similar sinuses in the large intestines of man , and many other animals , by a pecularity in the disposition of the fibres of the muscular coat . Near the termination of the intestine are two orifices , one on each side , communicating each with a duct which soon swells out into a vesicular bag ; these bags may probably be glands that secrete the fetid matter which the insect ejects from the anus when irritated . In one instance I found , on the site of the orifices above-mentioned , two small bodies about the size of a pin 's head , of a dark colour , and to the naked eye of a spherical form ; my surprize was considerable when upon observing them with a magnifying lens , I perceived that they exactly resembled a crystallized rosette of brown pearl-spar . Upon being removed and submitted to the requisite experiments , they proved to be of considerable hardness , sparry in their structure , and insoluble either in boiling water or alcohol ; but they were dissolved with rapid efferverence in diluted muriatic acid . These calculous concretions were probably the result of diseased action in the vesicular glands round the orifices of the excretory ducts of which they had been deposited . The blood . Upon wounding the animal in almost any part of the body , even in cutting off a portion of the caudal antenna , there oozes out a very clear thin fluid of a bright honey-yellow colour ; having sensibly alkaline properties , 229 and coagulating either by heat or by the addition of alcohol . A quantity of this fluid , weighing 1.85 grains , being evaporated under an exhausted receiver , in which was placed dry muriate of lime , left a solid residuum of a bright golden yellow colour , which weighed o.25 grains ; this residuum was brittle , and had the general properties of solid albumen . The foregoing characters render it highly probably that the yellow fluid distributed through the body of the insect , resembles in its nature the serum of common blood , and there can be no doubt , arguing physiologically , that this yellow fluid is the blood or nutrient juice of the animal . I wish I could as satisfactorily show the means employed by nature to distribute this fluid through the system of this and other animals of the same class ; for , though I cannot hope to discover what more experienced and skilful anatomists have sought in vain , a heart , namely , and a system of circulating vessels ; yet I cannot subscribe to their opinion , that the blood transudes through the the coats of the intestines , where of course it must be primarily formed , and thence passes , as through the pores of a sponge to every part of the body . Both CUVIER and M. MARCEL DE SERRES completed a very elaborate set of experiments for the purpose of ascertaining whether the dorsal vessel of insects sends out any lateral branches which might serve the purpose of a circulating system , or whether any other distinct circulating system exists ; but they have entirely failed in their endeavours ; and I feel assured , that where such men have failed , others will not succeed ; and yet their consequent supposition that the blood is diffused through the general substance of the body , appears to me very highly improbable . It accords not with the general character of those means by which nature usually produces its effects ; there is too little of art and contrivance , if I may use such terms , on such an occasion , in the mode supposed to be employed . Even in the formation of mineral crystals , which are unorganized bodies , the attraction by which the component particle are aggregated is regulated by laws , the most systematically framed and observed : and whoever has viewed with any attention that wonderful monument of human industry and sagacity , the Anatomical Museum of JOHN HUNTER , and has there seen the proofs of a sanguineous circulation in animals of an order so low , that they can hardly be said to have any specific form or substance , will almost necessarily be disposed to expect a similar provision in a class of animals , whose general structure is so elaborately and beautifully organized as that of insects . But I shall again advert to this subject after having described the tracheal system or respiratory organs of the insect under consideration . The organs of respiration . As it is very generally known that the atmospherical air , so necessary for the existence of all animated beings , is admitted into the bodies of insects by certain apertures called stigmata , and is then distributed through the system by means of tracheae or air tubes , I shall not dwell longer on the description of those organs in the gryllotalpa than is necessary for the elucidation of its particular history . Omitting the questionable existence of two stigmata in the upper lip , and of two others in the vicinity of the caudal antennae , there are ten stigmata very distinctly visible on each side of the body.* Hence , therefore , it is necessary to correct , though probably it has ere this been corrected by himself , a statement made by CUVIER in his Regne Animale , Tom . iii . p. 126 , that in the myriapoda there are twenty stigmata and upwards ; but in all other insects eighteen at most . He also asserts in the same place , that insects respire by two principal tracheae extending longitudinally , one on each side of the body , from which other tracheae ramify . Now certainly in the gryllotalpa , and , as I have reason to believe in many other insects also , the longitudinal tracheae bear so small a proportion in their capacity to the aggregate capacity of the other tracheae , that in such instances they cannot be called principal tracheae My own opinion is , that these longitudinal tracheae serve as connecting channels , by which the insect is enabled to direct the air to particular parts , for occasional purposes . Though not immediately bearing on the present point , I beg leave here to state a fact which I have not seen elsewhere noticed , that in the two segments of the body which carry the middle and hind pair of the true legs , in the larve of coleopterous and lepidopterous insects , there are no stigmata , discernible at least either to the naked eye , or a common magnifying lens . But , to return to the stigmata of the gryllotalpa , the first in order beginning from the head , is situated very near the lower part of the posterior ridge of the thorax . This stigma , not to object to the term in the present instance , is apparently connected with all the tracheae both of the thorax and of the head itself . It differs remarkably in size and form from all the rest ; for instead of being a mere dot or point , it is an elongated fissure , bounded by two horny lips . The second stigma , which somewhat , resembles in form , though of much less extent than the preceding , is situated immediately behind the root of the middle leg ; the third , which is still less than the second , is situated immediately behind the root of the posterior leg ; near the termination of the dorsal part of the third abdominal segment ; the fourth , fifth , and onwards to the tenth inclusive , are situated near the terminations of the corresponding dorsal segments of the abdomen . I would here notice by the way , a peculiar appearance very constantly observable on the ventral surfaces of most of the abdominal segments between the hind pair of legs and the caudal antennae . At either extremity of those segments there is a short line , not unlike that made by the stroke of a pen , passing obliquely downwards and inwards : it does not seem easy to conjecture the use of these lines . I may state from repeated observations , that the stigmata , taken generally , are not the terminations of single tubes ; very frequently two and often more than two tracheae originate from the same stigma ; and very soon after the commencent , one or even two of these tracheae subdivide into numerous branches , which follow as nearly as may be the direction of the original tubes . The distribution of many of the tracheae may be very satisfactorily demonstrated by drying one of the insects under an exhausted receiver , containing muriate of lime : for after having been thus dried , the tracheae become perceptible to the naked eye through the sustance of the integuments . The foregoing method of drying anatomical preparations may be successfully employed on many occasions ; it answers particularly in the case of the human eye , or the eye of any sufficiently large animal ; for , in the act of exhaustion , the air contained in the vitreous humor of the eye becoming expanded , preserves the spherical form of the organ until the whole of the moisture has been evaporated ; and it is then sufficiently firm to support itself . I have traced most of the tracheae to the parts on which they are respectively distributed ; but as no adequate object , nor indeed any object of importance , would be gained by the description of a distribution which is not marked by any physiological peculiarity , I shall only insist on such ? points as appear to me to be either new , or hitherto not sufficiently elucidated . The tracheae of insects are generally described as tubes constructed of a spiral thread , the successive coils of which are closely in opposition with each other ; such a structure is represented in SWAMMERDAM'S plates , and I have no doubt from his acknowledged accuracy , that he represents what he observed . It has not however happened to me , with the . exception of one equivocal instance , to perceive such a structure in the mole-cricket , the character of the tracheae of which varies in different parts of the insect ; for sometimes they resemble the pulmonary tracheae of the higher classes of animals , in having an annulated structure ; and sometimes they appear as tubes of a perfectly uniform substance like cuticle , or some very thin and unorganized membrane . It is generally understood , that the tracheae of insects penetrate each organ and every part of the body : and certainly the case is such in the instance before us . Thus , in that brush of capillary yellow tubes supposed to constitute the hepatic system , the total number of which amounts to 150 or 20o , there is reason to believe that each tube is accompanied by a distinct trachea coiled round it in a long spiral . Again ; the two medullary cords which connect the several ganglions of the nervous system , are in their natural state united together by means of the branches of a tracheal tube which runs between them ; a similar tube being attached to the exterior edge of the cords ; and the surface of what may be called the brain of this insect , is as beautifully characterized by the ramifications of the tracheae which pervade it , as the surface of the pia mater of the human brain by the blood vessels which penetrate that membrane in every direction . In meditating on the difficult problem of the sanguinous circulation of insects , it has forcibly occurred to me , that the tracheae may possibly be the instruments of such a circulation ; absorbing the blood or the chyle in the first instance from the internal surface of the alimentary canal , and thence conveying it to the various parts of the body ; nor is this opinion , however improbable it may appear , entirely gratuitous . No difficulty , I apprehend , attaches to the supposition that such an an absorption may take place ; seeing that innumerable minute ramifications of the tracheae penetrate the intestinal canal in every part : nor does there seem any difficulty in admitting that the insect may , by the power of exhausting the air from individual tracheae , draw on the absorbed fluid towards those two lateral tracheal tubes , which are apparently a general medium of communication between all the other tracheae of the body . And , when once the blood has reached this supposed point of its course , it is manifest , that by whatever means the air itself is forwarded from . the same point to the most distant parts of the body , by a modification of the same means , the blood may be forwarded to the same part ; and the elegant proposition of CUVIER that " the blood being incapable of going in search of the air , the air goes in search of it , " will still remain inviolate . If it should be argued that the tracheae are not found charged with blood after the death of the animal , it may be answered , that neither are the arteries in the higher orders of animals found charged with blood after their death . However , I have actually seen some of the ramifications of those tracheae which are connected with the caeca distended with a fluid of the same colour as that found in those organs ; and though I have only witnessed this fact in two instances ; yet such a fact , even singly taken , must be allowed to be of considerable importance . Of one thing I am certain , that , after careful observation , I have never found the abdominal viscera , I will not say bathed , as some authors of credit have expressed themselves , in the nutrient fluid which is supposed to have transuded through the coats of the intestines ; but I have not even found them lubricated by a greater proportion of moisture tha ? lubricates the intestines of the higher classes of animals . There is another difficulty which occurs to the hypothesis of the transudation of the chyle through the coats of the intestines ; for , if the blood be conveyed to the several parts by previous general diffusion through the interior of the body , and then by absortion into the substance of particular organs , as the hepatic tubes , the vesiculae seminales and the ovaries ; how does it happen that the bile , for instance , does not transude through the coats of the same vessels , the pores of which have admitted the blood from which it has been formed ? It may be answered , that the alteration which the 036 blood undergoes in the several organs , changes its properties to such an extent , as to render it incapable of repassing through the pores which admitted it . I cannot of course presume to say that such is not the case ; and I am aware that many entomologists will be surprised at , and perhaps disinclined to listen to the opinion here advanced with respect to a sanguineous circulation in insects ; but I nevertheless hope that the opinion will not be rejected without some previous attention to it . With regard to the dorsal vessel of the gryllotalpa , which in this , as in other insects , has been supposed to stand in the place of an arterial heart , I have very few observations to offer . It does not agree in its form with the description commonly given of this mysterious organ ; for though it diminishes in diameter as it approaches the head , this is by no means the case towards the other extremity of it . I have not yet completely succeeded in tracing this vessel to its anterior extremity ; because as it approaches its termination in that direction , it becomes so delicate as to have hitherto broken under dissection before I arrived at the extremity of it . Towards the opposite extremity it gradually becomes larger from the centre of the body , and terminates apparently in a cul de sac about the last segment but two of the abdomen . The muscles . In the gryllotalpa , as in insects in general , the muscles are exceedingly numerous , and usually very distinctly defined ; but as their form and size in different parts of the body may , without difficulty , be conjectured from the form and size of the parts to which they are appropriate , I need not occupy the time of the Society by enumerating or particularly describing them . Those which move the fore legs are remarkable for their size , and apparently fill nearly the whole of the interior of the thorax . Some muscles , as is the case with two belonging to each mandible , and with some of those that are situated within the thigh of the hind leg , have tendons attached to them of considerable extent and strength . I must not omit to mention several parallel muscular bands , which run in a longitudinal direction along the outer coat of the extremity of the great intestine , and are inserted into what may be called the sphincter of the rectum : these muscular bands may evidently assist , by their previous contraction and subsequent relaxation in discharging that foetid matter , which as has been already said , the animal usually emits when irritated . For the discovery of these muscles I am indebted to Mr. WHESSELL , whose name I have before mentioned on a similar occasion . The nerves.* In removing the integuments throughout the whole length of the lower surface of the body , we discover a series of nine ganglions , of a pale cream colour , distributed at unequal intervals from the commencement of the esophagus to the termination of the rectum ; a double medullary cord being continued from one ganglion to another throughout the whole series . The ganglions and their connecting cords lie so nearly in contact with the common integuments , that great care is requisite , lest , in removing these integuments , the nerves themselves should be removed , or at least injured , The first of these ganglions , reckoning from the anal extremity of the abdomen , is globular in its form ; and is situated between the intestine and the sexual organs , the latter being placed immediately under the ventral integuments . This ganglion gives off several pairs of nerves , of which by far the largest pair may be traced into the caudal antennae . The second , third , and fourth ganglions are smaller than the first , and are of an oval rather than a globular form : they each send out from two to four or five pairs of nerves . The fifth and sixth ganglions of which the former is the smallest , the latter the largest ganglion , of the whole series , are situated so closely together , that it not always easy to demonstrate the connecting medullary cords . The sixth ganglion , which from its size and the number of nerves radiating from it might be called the solar ganglion , is situated between the roots of the posterior legs . The seventh and eighth ganglions are situated respectively between the roots of the middle and the fore legs . From the eighth ganglion , which lies under the furcular bone of the sternum , two parallel medullary cords pass on to the root of the mandibles , where they unite with the ninth and last ganglion , which is situated under and in contact with the commencement of the esophagus . This ganglion , which is hollow , as perhaps all the others may be , sends off nerves to the maxilla and adjacent parts : and it sends off besides , two large and important branches which ascending on each side of the esophagus unite with two corresponding branches that descend from the brain ; which organ is situated immediately in contact with the commencement of the esophagus on its upper surface : so that the esophagus is placed between the ninth ganglion on its lower surface , and the brain on its upper surface , their connecting branches completing the nervous collar which surrounds it at this part . 239 The brain differs in colour from the ganglions , being of a pale brownish pink , instead of a cream colour , and in size it far exceeds the largest of the ganglions . It consists of two hemispheres , separated by a fissure , from each of which pass out four processes ; the first of these processes unites as above described , with a process from the ninth ganglion , to form the nervous collar of the esophagus ; the second passes to the root of the antenna ; the third , which may be called the optic nerve , passes towards the inner surface of the cornea ; and at its extremity swells out into a fringed coronet of an orange red colour ; the fourth process , the extremity of which is also of an orange red colour , proceeds to the ocellus or stemma of the corresponding side . The upper surface of the brain is covered by a mass of soft substance somewhat resembling loose fat . The sexual organs of the female.* These organs consist of two ovaries , which occupy a considerable portion of the upper part of the abdomen , and terminate by a narrow duct in a common cavity or uterus , which opens externally under the posterior edge of the last segment but one of the ventral surface of the abdomen . Behind the uterus is an oblong white body , which originating from a cul de sac , and then doubling on itself in the form of a slender tube , terminates in the uterus . The contents of this body resemble a thin white paste . The ovaries are irregularly pear-shaped , and consist of a transparent membrane irregularly convoluted , through which the ova , enveloped in a gelatinous medium , are easily distingushed . In the same ovary the ova are frequently of different sizes and colours ; those which are the largest , and which I suppose to be impregnated , are of a brownish yellow colour ; they resist a considerable degree of force before they burst , and the contents when pressed out melt as it were into a soft jelly , leaving a tough membrane which enveloped them . The smaller ova are of various sizes and of nearly a white colour , and of a much more slender and compressed form than those which I have supposed to be impregnated . This difference in the degree of maturation corresponds with a fact stated by ROSEL , that the mole-cricket does not deposit all the eggs of the season at one time . In a few instances I found two or three ova which had entered the narrowest part of the duct and were very near the uterus- ; and from the appearance of these , which may fairly be supposed to be , if not impregnated , at least in a state fit for impregnation , I have ventured to derive the character of the impregnated ovum . The sexual organs oj the male.* I had dissected several male gryllotalpae before I was fortunate enough to meet with the sexual organs fully developed ; and while I had as yet met with only one animal bearing the character of full developement , I was not certain whether I judged rightly of the natural state of those parts ; or whether their uncommon degree of enlargement were not the effect of disease the disproportion in size between the state in which they had hitherto occurred , and that to which I now allude is so enormous . However , subsequent dissections presenting the same phenomena , I have no scruple in considering them as indicating full developement . The testicles of the male are situated similarly to the # Vide fig . 41 ovaries of the female , and are not very unlike in general appearance to the ovaries of young females ; they differ however in being divided pretty deeply into several unequal lobes , the free extremities of which look towards each other . They send out each a very fine capillary tube or duct ; which , descending towards the rectum , is in one part of its passage convoluted on itself so as to resemble the human epididymis partially unravelled . The excretory duct above described terminates at the bottom of a thick pouch , which is situated between the rectum and the ventral integuments , and in form is not very unlike , though larger than the uterus , opening externally , as the uterus does , under the posterior margin of the last but one of the ventral segments of the abdomen . The interior mechanism of this pouch is extremely curious ; for in the upper part there is contained an apparatus , somewhat in the shape of a coronet , of the colour and hardness of tortoise-shell : and at right angles to the centre of this there is fitted a similarly hard and horny substance , ( in shape resembling a short flat club , ) which descends towards the external opening of the pouch . Behind the pouch are situated one on each side , two oblong white bodies , which are twisted into three spiral coils , and then terminate by an inflected tube at the upper and back part of the pouch . These bodies evidently answer to the vesiculae seminales of insects in general : and resemble in their external character , and in their white pulpy contents , that oval body which is placed at the back of the uterus . There is also another pair of vesiculae seminales , as is frequently the case in insects , situated exteriorly to the former more slender in form , also and much more convoluted , which apparently terminate near the points where the ducts of the testicles terminate . In the instances of full developement these bodies are enlarged to six times their usual size . Under the circumstances of full developement there is also found , though scarcely perceptible under imperfect developement , a large spherical mass , resembling a ball of eider down , situated immediately at the anterior edge of the pouch above described , and continued on from its substance . The examination of the mole-cricket has added , as appears from the description of the parts , another exception in the case of the female as well as the male to the general statement , that in insects the sexual organs pass out by the anus . CUVIER mentions , as the only exceptions to this law , the Iuli and libellulae* Casting of the skin . The following are the only observations I have had an opportunity of making as to this point of the history of the mole-cricket . In the process of moulting , the skin of the abdomen appears to split longitudinally down the middle of the upper part ; and the skin , of the thorax separates in a similar direction ; but the skin of the head only separates . partially in that direction , and then splits bebetween the stemmata , in a direction towards each of the antennae ; so that the line of separation somewhat resembles the lambdoidal suture of the human skull . The corneae of the eyes are cast with the rest of the skin , as in the case of the snake ; but they lose their transparency , and become of a greyish white colour , Even the covering of the claws is cast . The newly exposed surface of the whole body is covered with the same kind of down as that which covered the preceding skin ; except in the case of the long bristly hairs of the caudal antennae , which apparently are produced afterwards . The colour of the body immediately after the casting of . the skin is yellowish white , and it remains of that colour for a few hours : it afterwards gradually darkens . The organ of sound . I have very little doubt that the peculiar sound which is characteristic of this insect is produced by the wings ; for I have observed in several individuals in their perfect state , that , when irritated , they will separate their upper wings by a brisk motion laterally from each other ; and that upon their being suddenly brought back to their natural position , a sound is at the same moment produced , resembling that which I have heard the insect spontaneously produce during the season of summer ; but I could not fix the power of producing this sound to either sex exclusively . There is a peculiar organ , forming a part of the common integuments of the abdomen , and situated between the fourth and fifth stigma on each side ; the anterior portion of which consists of a tense membrane , like fine parchment , of a semilunar form ; this organ from its individual character might be supposed to contribute towards the production of the sound , but it is found in the female as well as in the male ; and its supposed use is not justified by the presence of any internal mechanism . In two or three instances I have perceived the internal and upper surface of the second abdominal segment , answering to what is generally called the third thoracic segment , furnished with two oblong concave laminae , terminating in free +44 rounded edges , which are probably elastic ; but I feel by no means certain that these are exclusively characteristic of the male , though I certainly found them most distinctly developed in a male individual . But my acquaintance with the interesting insect , the history of which has formed the subject of this paper , did not commence till towards the close of that period of the summer during which the animal is heard to produce its peculiar sound : and I propose therefore to resume the investigation of this point at a future opportunity , Oxford , Nov. 13 , 1824 . Dimensions of a full grown mole-cricket . Length of the body from the extremity of the lip to the extremity of the vent Length of the head thoracic division -- . abdominal division Breadth of the thorax ... ----abdomen - . Length of the antennae of the head t-. . caudal antenna Length of the whole alimentary canal -----. . esophagus Length from the crop to the great intestine Length of the great intestine Inches . 2.0 0.165 0.5 1.33 0.5 0.5 0.825 2.0 0.5 0.5 1.0 54 EXPLANATION OF PLATE XV . Fig. 1 . Skeleton of the head , viewed from the under side . Fig. 2 . A side view of the animal in its common attitude . Fig. 3 . Skeleton of the thorax . Fig. 4 . Sternum , & c. with the upper part of the thorax adhering . Fig. 5 . Exterior surface of the left fore leg . Fig. 5a . Parasitic insect infesting the roots of the wings ; of its natural size , and also enlarged . Fig. 6 . Esophagus , crop , gizzard , caca , great intestines , hepatic organ , and anal glands . Fig. 7 . Interior view of gizzard . Fig. 8 . Ditto of a portion of ditto . Fig. 9 . Intestinal worm of the mole-cricket ; natural size , and enlarged . Fig. 9a . Upper part of great intestine , with four rows of glands , and the orifice of the hepatic duct . Fig. io . The stigmata of the left side ; with the organ ( situated between the fourth and fifth stigmata ) described in page s24 . Fig. 1i . The nine ganglions . Fig. . The brain , surrounding the esophagus . Fig. is . The female sexual organs . Fig. 14 . The male ditto . 246 
On the MEGATHERIUM ( Megatherium Americanum , CuvIER and BLUMENBACH ) . Part II.-Vertebrae of the Trunk . By Professor OWEN , F.R.S. Ec . Received November 8 , 1850-Read May 8 , 1851 . IN commencing the description of the skeleton of the Megatherium , now in London , Plate XVII . , which is the most complete that has yet reached Europe , a brief statement may be premised of the chief steps which have led to the restoration of the species to which it belongs . CUVIER , in communicating to the ' Annales du Mus6um ' ( t. v. 1804 ) a translation of the first memoir on this subject-that , viz . by GARRIGA and BRU , published at Madrid in 1796 , gives all the requisite details respecting the discovery of the skeleton therein described , and adds his own more important deductions as to its affinities from an examination and comparison of the plates of the Spanish work . It appears that proofs of these plates were transmitted in 1795 to the Institute of France , and that CUVIER , having been called upon by the 'Class of Sciences ' at that period to give a report upon them , developed his views of the affinity of the animal to the Sloths and other Edentates* , and proposed for it the name 'Megatherium . ' M. ROUME , the correspondent of the French Institute to whom that distinguished scientific body were indebted for the proof impressions of GARRIGA'S work , and who had an opportunity of examining the skeleton itself at Madrid ( which CuVIER never enjoyed ) , inserted a brief notice of it in the 'Bulletin de la Socit Philomiathique ' of the Republican year IV . ( 1795 ) ; in which , after particularly noticing that the pelvis was open towards the abdomen , the pubis being absent , without any indication of its having ever existed , concludes that the animal was intermediate , as to form , between the Cape Anteater ( Orycteropus ) and the , Great Anteater of America ( Myrmecophaga jubata ) . But he adds , that M. CUvIER , from an ' examination of the engravings of the skeleton , had recognized that the species was much more nearly allied to the Sloths than to the Anteaters . MEGATHERIUM . M. ABILDGAARD , a professor at Copenhagen , having had the opportunity of studying the skeleton of the Megatherium at Madrid in 1793 , published a short notice of it in Danish , illustrated by a rude figure of the skull and of the hind limbs , and referred the species to the Bruta of LINNMUS , an order afterwards modified to form the Edents of CUvIER : this notice , though published the year after CUVIER 's Report , appears to have been independent of it , and the conclusions to be the result of the author 's own observations and reflections . It is , therefore , to be regarded as an additional testimony to the true affinities of the species . CUVIER 's comments on the figures in the engravings for GARRIGA'S memoir are accompanied by reduced copies of them , given in the above-cited volume of the 'Annales du Museum , ' and afterwards in the fourth volume of the first edition of the 'Recherches sur les Ossemens Fossiles , ' 4to , 1812 . In both works CUvIER sums up his conclusions as to the habits and food of the Megatherium , as follows:- " Its teeth prove that it lived on vegetables , and its robust fore-feet armed with sharp claws , make us believe that it was principally their roots which it attacked . Its magnitude and its talons must have given it sufficient means of defence . It was not of swift course , nor was this requisite , the animal needing neither to pursue nor to escape* . " In the year 1821 Drs. PANDER and D'ALTON published their beautiful Monograph on the Megatherium , the result of personal examination and depiction of the then unique skeleton at Madrid ; they represent the bones more artistically and in more natural juxtaposition than in the plates of BRU'S memoir , but the subject being the same , the same deficiencies , to be presently specified , we'e unavoidable . As the accomplished and learned authors of the German work reasoned , like ABILDGAARD , from actual inspection of the fossil skeleton , their conclusions as to the nature , affinities and habits of the animal to which it belonged merit a respectful consideration . In it they recognize , with CUVIER , all the important points of resemblance to the skeletons of the existing species of Sloth , of which they append excellent figures . But , imbued with the principles of the transcendental and transmutative hypotheses , then prevalent in the schools of Germany , they regard the great Megatherium and Megalonyx as being not merely predecessors but progenitors of those still lingering remnants of the tardigrade race , into which such ancestral giants are supposed to have dwindled down by gradual degeneration and alteration of characters . But they deem the living habits of the Megatherium to have been far different from those of its puny scansorial progeny : it was , in their opinion , a fossorial animal ; and not merely an occasional digger of the soil , as CUVIER concluded , but altogether a creature of subterranean habits ; some earth-whale , as it were , or colossal mole . PANDER and D'ALTON nevertheless give to this animal , which they truly characterized as one of the most extraordinary of its class , the name of ' Riesen-faulthier , ' Bradypus giganteus , or Gigantic Sloth * . CUVIER , in preparing his new and enlarged edition of the famous ' Recherches sur les Ossemens Fossiles , ' availed himself , in the fifth volume , published in 1823 , of the labours of the German anatomists and draughtsmen , just cited , and substituted copies of their figures for those which he had previously borrowed from BRU . The teeth of the Megatherium are still described as being implanted by two roots , and as being sixteen in number , formulized as m , 4-4 : there is the same deficiency of the sternal ribs , pubic bones and tail ; the manubrium sterni continues to be represented in a reversed position : but , with regard to the bones of the fore-foot , the organization of which was involved in obscurity , owing to the faulty manner in which CUVIER believed them to have been articulated , he endeavours to throw some new light on their arrangement . After a comparison of the figures given by PANDER and D'ALTON with the bones of the fore-foot in existing Edentata , CUVIER concludes that the fore-feet in the Madrid skeleton are transposed , the right being on the left , and the left on the right side ; that the index , medius and annular digits were the only ones provided with claws ; that the thumb was clawless , and the little finger rudimental and concealed , in the living Megatherium , under the skin ; the hand being thereby specially formed for cleaving the soil and digging , like that of the Dasypus gigas . On this hypothesis , names are applied by CUVIER to certain bones of the carpus , none of which had before been determined . CUVIER , however , adds , that I " in order to verify his conjectures it must be necessary to have access to the skeleton itself , and to compare separately each bone of the fore-foot with their homologues in that species of Armadillo . " His ideas of the affinities of the Megatherium have now undergone some modification : the following paragraph is added to the summary on this head given in the earlier edition of the great work " Its analogies approximate it to different genera of the Edentate family . It has the head and the shoulder of a Sloth , whilst the legs and the feet offer a singular mixture of characters peculiar to the Anteaters and Armadillos ? . " CUvIER concludes his account of the Megatherium in the second edition of the 'Ossemens Fossiles , ' by appending a note communicated to him by which announces , " he says , " that the Megatherium had pushed its affinity to the Armadillos so far as to be covered like them with a scaly cuirass . " This opinion derived apparent confirmation from the description by Professor WEIss of portions of an osseous tessellated dermal armour of some gigantic quadruped , sent to Berlin by the traveller SELLOW , which armour he figures , and attributes to the Megatherium , in a " ( Geological memoir on the Provinces of S. Pedro do Sal and the Banda Oriental , " published in 1827* . In the year 1832 , a highly valuable and important collection of the bones of the Megatherium , discovered in the Rio Salado , with a portion of a bony tessellated dermal covering of an animal , found in Lake Averias , province of Buenos Ayres , indicative of a frame as great as that of the skeleton from the Rio Salado , was transmitted from Buenos Ayres by Sir WOODBINE PARISH , K.H. , and presented by him to the Royal College of Surgeons . These specimens formed the subject of a memoir communicated by WILLIAM CLIFT , Esq . , F.R.S. , to the Geological Society , June 13 , 1 , in which , although , with the characteristic caution of the author , the armour is not directly affirmed to belong to the Megatherium , nothing is stated to prevent the inference that it formed part of the ' Remains ' of that animal which it is the object of the memoir to describe : and , in the description of the map engraved in pl . 43 , the specimen figured in pi . 46 , with other portions of the bony armour , are comprehended amongst " those Remains of the Megatherium which have hitherto been sent to Europe + . " Further countenance to the later opinion of CUVIER as to the affinities of the Megatherium to the Armadillo , was afforded by a few remarks ice the text of Mr. CLiFfTs memoir ' : thus , in noticing the " bony or pseudo-cartilaginons pieces which unite the true ribs to the sternum , " Mr. CLIFT adds " as is also the case in the Armadillo ? . " And in the description of the caudal vertebrae , he remarks , " they have the inferior spines ( i. e. the chevron or V-shaped bones ) , manifesting in this their relation to other Edentata , as the 1lbyrmecoplta > W and Dapodce I. " The additional parts of the Megatherium m , supplied by Sir WOODBINE PARISH , and deficient in the skeleton at Madrid , were two of the ossified cartilages of the rins , two of the smaller bones of the sternum , twelve caudal vertebrae , and ten of the separate 'chevron bones , ' partly belonging to them and partly indicating other caudal vertebrae : they also included a part of the os hyoides , Mr. CLIFT , with his accustomed ingenuity and artistic ability , gives at one view an idea of " all the parts hitherto known , or supposed to be known , " of the Megatherium , by taking as his basis the outline of the view of the skeleton given by PANDER and D'ALTON in the first plate of their work ; leaving in simple outline those parts which are present in the Madrid skeleton , but not in Sir WOODBINE PARISH'S collection ; expressing by a pale tint the parts in that collection which also exist in the Madrid skeleton ; and indicating by a dark tint the additional parts which are deficient in the Madrid skeleton , and had not ' before been figured . Besides the important elements thus added towards the completion of our know . ledge of the skeleton , Mr. CLIFT was enabled to correct an error into which CuvIER had been led by a figure of a mutilated tooth in tab . 4 . fig . 5 , F , of GARRIGA'S memoir , which seemed to show that it had been implanted , as CUVIER describes it to have been , by two fangs . PANDER and D'ALTON give a similar figure of one of the teeth in their tab . 2 . fig . 15 . The figure , of the natural size of one of the teeth of the Megatherium transmitted by Sir WOODBINE PARISH , given in the third plate ( . fir , , . 2 . ) of Mr. CLIFT'S memoir , is the first accurate representation of these characteristic parts , and shows that the implanted base is widely excavated for a persistent matrix , as ii the Sloths and Armadillos . The prevalent belief among Comparative Anatomists and Naturalists at this period , founded upon the additional observations by WEISS and CLIFT to those contained in the second edition of the 'Ossemens Fossiles ' ofUCuVIER , mdy be gathered from such notices as were then published of the opinions expressed by the eminent professors of those sciences on the subject . Thus Dr. ROBERT GRANT , treating of the Armadillos , in his Lectures on Comparative Anatomy , says , " The Megatherium itself appears to have been such a digging loricated animal , and in many of its bones resembles the Armadillos * . " The Very Rev. Dr. BUCKLAND , in his Bridgewater Treatise published in , admitting the probability , from the evidence at that time adduced , that the Megatherium had been defended by a bony tessellated armour , argues that " A covering of such enormous weight would have been consistent with the general structure of the Megatherium : its columnar hind legs and colossal tail were calculated to give it due support ; and the strength of the loins and ribs being very much greater than in the Elephant , seems to have been necessary for carrying so ponderous a cuirass as that which we suppose to have covered the body . " He next calls attention to the broad and rough flattened surface of a part of the crest of the ileum , to the broad summits of the spines of many vertebre , and also to the superior convex portion of certain ribs , on which the armour could rest , as affording " evidence of pressure , similar to that we find on the analogous parts of the skeleton of the Armadillo , , from which , Lecture , reported in the ' Lancet , ' March 29 , 1834:* and again , in 1839 , the Megatherium is described by Dr. GRANT as being " t allied in structure to the Bradypus , and shielded with cutaneous plates like the Dasypus . " -TaousoN 's ' British Annual ' for 1839 , p. 274 . M. DESMAREST , in the art . Megathere of the ' Dictionnaire des Sciences Naturelles , ' 1823 , writes as follows:-Leurs membres etaient robustes et termin s par cinq gros doigts . Des observations recentes paroissent prouver que sa peau , paisse et comme ossifi e , etait partage en une foule d'ecussons polygones et rapproch6s les uns des autres comme les pibces qui entrent dans la composition d'une mosaique."-.La forme des molaires et la taille de ces animaux semblent indiquer qu'ils se nourrissoient de vgtaux et sans doute de racines . " he remarks , " we might have inferred that the Megatherium also was covered with heavy armour , even had no such armour been discovered near bones of this animal in other parts of the same level district of Paraguay* . " The estimable and justly celebrated author of the ' Bridgewater Treatise , ' notwithstanding his bias for the hypothesis of the affinities of the Megatherium to the Armadillos , enunciates his conclusion with philosophic caution , and affirms that the other " remarkable character of the Megatherium , in which it approaches most nearly to the Armadillo and Chlamyphorus , consists in its hide having probably been covered with a bony coat of armour , varying from three-fourths of an inch to an inch and a half in thickness . " In the same work is given an original figure of the pelvis and hind limb of the Megatherium , from a front view of those specimens in the Museum of the College of Surgeons . M. LAURILLARD , in the posthumous edition of the ' Ossemens Fossiles ' of CUVIER , published in 1836 , whilst admitting it to be very possible for the Megatherium to have been covered by a cuirass , appends a note of warning against too hastily attributing to that animal the fragments of the gigantic osseous armour that had been found in the same formations of South America ; because , in the casts of some of the bones which were transmitted with that armour by Sir WOODBINE PARISH , M. LAURILLARD had recognized a calcaneum , an astragalus and a scaphoid , differing from those of the living Armadillos only by their size and by some merely specific modifications ? -T But that which Baron CUVIER and M. LAURILLARD had ventured to regard as very possible , and Dr. BUCKLAND as probable , M. DE BLAINVILLE a few years later announced to be a positive fact . I-e communicated , in 1839 , to the Academy of Sciences of the French Institute , a statement that bones of the Megatherium had recently been discovered , accompanied with fragments of a carapace belonging indubitably to the same animal ; and he adds that the association of a bony armour with the internal skeleton of the Megatherium can be demonstrated as surely by a priori reasoning as by the a ' posteriori fact ; but he adduces no observations or arguments from the skeleton in addition to those of which Dr. BUCKLAND had previously availed himself , simply affirming that " the Megatherium is proved to have been certainly covered by an osteo-dermal carapace , by the disposition of the spinous processes of the vertebrwe , by the angles of the ribs , by the articulation of the pelvis with the verteblal column , " & c. ; and he concludes by announcing " that the Megatherium was a gigantic species of Armadillo , most nearly allied to the diminutive Chlamyphorus ? . " With regard to the fossils from South America , unequivocally referable to the Armadillo family , I had myself pointed out the generic distinction of that large quadruped , some bones of which had been transmitted along with the gigantic dermal armour by Sir WOODBINE PARISH , and proposed for it the name of 'Glyptodon ' in Sir WOODBINE PARISH'S work on Buenos Ayres * ; and afterwards , stimulated by the general tendency of anatomists and palaeontologists to regard the Megatherium as being , likewise , a gigantic Armadillo , I entered upon a critical review of all the facts of the case which at that time had been obtained , and communicated the result in a memoir to the Geological Society , read March 23 , . The general conclusions from this memoir were:1 . The opinions of CUVIER and WEIss , in favour of the Megatherium being so armed , rest on no better ground than the mere fact of bony armour of some gigantic quadruped and the skeleton of the Megatherium having been discovered in the same continent . 2 . The skeleton , or its parts , which have been actually associated with the bony armour above mentioned , belongs to a quadruped distinct from and less than the Megatherium . 3 . No part of the skeleton of the Megatherium presents those modifications which are related to the support of a dermal covering . 4 . The proportions of the component tesserae of the bony armour in question to the skeleton of the Glyptodon are the same as those between the dermal tesserae and skeleton of existing Armadillos , but are much smaller as compared with the bones of the Megatherium . 5 . No bony armour composed of tessera having the same relative size to the bones of the Megatherium as in the Glyptodon and existing Armadillos , has yet been discovered . In 1837 1 had been put in possession of an additional test of the affinities of the Megatherium , by portions of teeth , obtained by Mr. CHARLES DARWIN at Punta Alta in Northern Patagonia , from which specimens I was kindly permitted to take the requisite sections for microscopical examination . Previous researches by Professor RETZIUS and myself into the structure of the teeth of the Mammalia generally , had made me acquainted with the marked difference between the teeth of the Armadillos and those of the Sloths in internal structure , and I now found that the Megatherium presented the same remarkable compound structure of the teeth as in the Sloths , but with additional complexity , by which they still further departed from the comparatively simple structure of the teeth of the Armadillos : the examination at the , same time proved that there was no true enamel in the teeth of the Megatherium . Another important evidence of the affinity of the Megatherium to the Sloths was brought to light by a fragment of the skull from Punta Alta , which demonstrated a fifth small molar tooth on each side of the upper jaw , thus showing that in the number as well as in the structure and the kind of teeth the Megatherium . agreed with the Brqadypodd & e , and especially with the Ai or Three-toed Sloth ; the anterior pair of molars not manifesting the excess of size and laniary form which characterize them in the Unau or Two-toed species* . These additional evidences of the concordance of structure between the Megatherium and the Sloths , manifested by the hard and enduring parts which are most intimately related to the food of the animal , induced me to reconsider the conclusions of CUVIER , PANDER and D'ALTON , and Dr. BUCKLAND relative to the sources of its nutriment and its habits of life ; and ultimately to arrive at a conviction of the correspondence of the food of the Megatherium with that of the Sloths , and of the relation of the modified form of the Megatherium to its peculiar mode of obtaining such food , the grounds for which conviction are given in my memoir on the Mylodon robustus published in 1842 . By the analogy of this smaller species of the great extinct terrestrial Sloths of South America , I endeavoured to dissipate some of the doubt and obscurity which shrouded the true structure of the fore and hind feet of the Megatherium ; but the light so obtained served rather to increase the desire to inspect the skeleton itself at Madrid , and obtain , ex visu , a conviction of the accuracy of my views ; for I participated entirely in the doubts expressed by my experienced colleague Mr. CLIFT relative to that skeleton , then unique in Europe , viz . as to " whether it had been properly or improperly mounted , i. e. whether all the parts were of one or more individuals , whether they belong to the situation or position in which they are placed , whether all the parts are genuine or partly modelled , or whether parts are eked out by bones that do not belong to the part or situation in which they are collected : " concurring at the same time with Mr. CLIFT , that " no blame was attributable to the articulator , who , probably , had little or no guide in such a difficult task . " ' Year after year , however , passe d away without bringing with it the requisite liberty from official duties for a visit to Madrid . I availed myself of the rare opportunities afforded by journeys of scientific friends to that city to endeavour to obtain information on some of the discrepant or doubtful points , and more especially relative to the exact number of teeth or sockets of teeth in the skull ; but usually without any satisfactory result , owing chiefly to the difficulty which the mode of preserving the famous skeleton presents to any close inspection . Dr. DAUBENY , the accomplished Professor of Botany at Oxford , in reply to one of my requests , wrote to me from Madrid: ' I have examined the Megatherium , and can discern only four teeth in either jaw , which are all perfect and double , but whether or not there be the rudiment of a tooth behind cannot be distinctly ascertained , unless the glass case which covers the specimen be removed ; for there is no door or any way of getting close to the skeleton . I should advise a memorial to be drawn up stating the reasons for wishing the point to be determined , in which case , perhaps , the authorities might consent to allow a pane of glass to be removed . " Fortunately the necessity of the endeavour to overcome these obstacles was in great measure obviated by the arrival in 1845 , in this country , of a very important and remarkable accession of remains of the Megatherium , discovered in 1837 , near Luxan , Buenos Ayres , which , with other fossils of large extinct South American animals , were purchased by the Trustees of the British Museum . This collection included an entire cranium and lower jaw of the Megatherium ; the entire tail ; complete series of the bones of both fore- and hind-feet : in short , parts which , in combination with those previously deposited in the Museum of the Royal College of Surgeons , by Sir WOODBINE PARISH and Mr. DARWIN , completed the entire skeleton of the animal including the hyoid and sesamoid bones , which are too often wanting in the skeletons of our recent and common quadrupeds . Accurate plaster casts of the huge pelvis and most of the other bones of the Megatherium in the College Museum had been prepared at the expense of the College and presented to the British Museum : and , after an examination and comparison of the whole series of the remains of the Megatherium in both collections , and a consultation with the ingenious articulator of the Mylodon , Mr. FLOWER , I suggested to the able keeper of the Mineralogical Department in the British Museum , CHARLES KONIG , K.H. , F.R.S. , the advantage which would arise , if similar plaster casts should be taken of all the other bones of the skeleton , and if such casts , coloured to match the original bones , should be mounted ; the originals being preserved separate , for the greater facility of their comparison and for the advantage of examining their articular surfaces . The Trustees of the British Museum having taken the proposition under mature consideration , the Council of the Royal College of Surgeons having liberally sanctioned the moulding of all the requisite bones in their Museum , and my own consent to superintend the co-adjustment and attitude of the skeleton having been given , the models and plaster casts were ordered by the Trustees to be made , and their articulation was confided to Mr. FLOWER . The result is the exhibition in our National Museum of the entire skeleton of the Megatherium , Plate XVII . , in a much more complete state , and , I believe I may add , more natural attitude , than that of the same extraordinary quadruped , which previously had been unique and the glory of the Royal Museum of Natural History at Madrid . For the full fruition by comparative anatomists and palaeontologists of so rich an accession to our1 evidences of one of the strangest animals of a former world , there still remained one condition , viz . the power to employ a competent artist to depict the skeleton and its several parts . There could be no question that the opportunity of supplying the omissions , correcting the errors , and clearing up the doubts , in the descriptions founded on the Madrid skeleton , ought to be embraced without loss of time . The enlightened and liberal grant of ? 1000 , placed by Lord JOHN RUSSELL , then Prime Minister , at the disposal of the Council of the Royal Society , in aid of the labours of men of science , seemed to me to afford the means of removing the only difficulty that stood in the way of completing the object of my wishes . I therefore submitted the case to the " Committee of Recommendations for the application of the Government Grant , " and the Council of the Royal Society has been pleased to approve the recommendation of the Committee , viz . " that ? 100 be granted to ProfeSSOr OWEN , to be applied to the procurement of drawings of the undescribed and unfigured or inaccurately figured parts of the skeleton of the Megatherium , on the understanding that Professor OWEN undertakes to select the subjects , direct the artists , and communicate his descriptions to the Royal Society ; and that Mr. DARWIN , Mr. BELL , and Dr. SHARPEY , be a Committee to ascertain the proper application of the funds . " The memoir , and its illustrations from the accurate pencil of Mr. JOSEPH DINKEL , herewith communicated to the Society , are the result of that recommendation ; and I have only to add , that the descriptions and figures of the several parts of the skeleton of the Megatherium , now in London , have been taken from the actual bones ; and the views of the entire skeleton from the articulated casts , which are so beautifully exact , as , for all the essential purposes of science , to be of the same value and utility as the bones themselves would be if so articulated together . Of the Spinal Column . The skeleton of the Megatherium , like that of all other vertebrate animals , being composed of a series of segments , similar in their composition , and , referable under all their modifications to a common type , answering to that which is figured as the typical vertebra ' in my work on the Vertebrate Skeleton* , I shall commence its description by one of those segments which deviate least from the archetypal character ; and such segments we find to constitute the major part of the trunk , where they form what , in human anatomy , would be termed ' dorsal vertebrae , ' 'ribs cartilages of ribs ' and ' sternal bones . ' Plate XVIII . fig . 1 , gives a front view of the fifth segment of the dorsal or thoracic region of the trunk : it deviates from the archetype inasmuch as the neurapophyses , n , n , have coalesced , as in other mammals , with the centrum , co , below , and are connate with the neural spine , ns , above : the haemal arch is also vastly expanded in relation to the greatly developed vascular centres which it was destined to encompass ; the pleurapophyses , pi , pl , being elongated and bent down , and the hoemapophyses , k.h , removed from the centrum and articulated to the ends of the pleurapophyses , and , by a double synovial joint , Ws ' , to the haemal spine or sternal bone h.s. The coalesced centrum and neural arch constitute the so-called 'dorsal vertebra , ' and the one selected is the fifth of that series counting backwards . The centrum , c , or body of the vertebra , is wedge-shaped , with its base upwards , forming the floor of the capacious neural canal , and the sides-slightly concave lengthwise , almost flattened vertically-converge to the inferior surface , which is formed by an obtuse ridge : the centrum expands slightly at its articular ends , and so that the contour of the anterior one is rather oval than trihedral ; this surface is slightly depressed at its middle , slightly convex in the rest of its extent ; the posterior articular surface is larger than the anterior one and flatter , but is also a little depressed at the middle : the two upper angles of the hinder end , probably contributed by the neurapophyses in the development of the vertebra , are slightly produced and truncate , offering each a smooth , flat , small subeircular surface , c ' , for the head of the rib of the preceding vertebra ; the corresponding part of the rib of the present segment is marked el . The neurapophyses , n , n , rise each by a slender base which has coalesced with the anterior half of the upper and outer angle of the centrum : they diverge from each other and expand as they rise ; then , developing some articular surfaces and exogenous processes from their outer surface , arch towards each other , increasing rapidly in antero-posterior extent , and coalesce above the neural canal ; where they support the zygapophyses , z , z , and the thick and strong neural spine ns . The roof of the neural arch , thus formed , projects some way beyond the anterior surface of the centrum , and extends almost to the posterior surface . The inner surface of the neural arch is as remarkable for its even smoothness , as the outer surface is for its various prominences and depressions . The outer side of the basal half of the neurapophysis supports a large elliptical articular surface ( n ' ) , concave from above downwards and backwards : the overhanging fore-part of the arch supports the two flat oval anterior zygapophyses , z z , the articular surfaces of which look almost directly upwards ; on the under surface of the back part of the arch are the two posterior zygapophyses looking almost downwards , and between these is a rough longitudinal prominent ridge . The neural spine is moderately long , subcompressed and subtrihedral , with a sharp anterior margin , smooth sides , and a rough thick posterior surface , developing a median longitudinal ridge : the summit expands into a rough triangular almost flattened surface . For the convenience of describing and comparing the different exogenous processes developed from the neural arch in the class Mammalia , I have indicated them by single-worded names ; having found that , although they varied much in size and a little in relative position , when traced through the series , they could be identified from species to species . The most common and constant of these processes is that which usually stands out , or transversely , from the base of the neural arch , and affords a joint or a surface of confluence for the rib ; this I have proposed to call I diapophysis* ' : the second process has a range of variety in its position from the upper part of the diapophysis to that of the anterior zygapophysis , but , as it is commonly somewhere between these two , I have called it 'metapophysis ' ; the third process projects most commonly more or less backwards , from the base of the diapophysis , and I have termed it ' anapophysis . As each of the above processes developes in some species an articular surface , and as each is usually more or less oblique in position , I have called those processes which more constantly support such surfaces Izygapophjgses ? ' . The comparative anatomy of these and other ' exogenous ' processes has been the subject of a previous part of this memoir , because their extreme degree of variety in the Order Edentata , and extraordinary development in the Armadillos and true Anteaters , render them of unusual importance in the question of the affinities of the Megatherium . The narrow compressed base of the neurapophysis of the fifth dorsal vertebra in that animal having risen above the centrum , developes on its outer surface a large vertically oval articular surface , n ' , concave in the direction of its long axis almost flat transversely ; to which surface a corresponding convex articular surface , n " , on the upper part of the neck of the rib near the head , is adapted . Above the surface , l ' , the diapophysis , d , stands out , short , thick , subdepressed , expanded at its extremity , which is slightly produced backwards and supports on its outer surface an elliptical articular concavity , d ' , with the long axis directed from above downwards and backwards , and articulated to a corresponding convexity , d " , upon the tubercle of the rib . A rugged tuberosity , m , on the upper and fore-part of the diapophysis represents in rudiment the metapophysis . A smaller tuberosity is interposed between the anterior zygapophysis , z , and the neurapophysial surface , n ' , for the rib . Thus the neural arch of the vertebra in question presents ten distinct articulations besides the two sutural ones now obliterated by its anchylosis to the centrum , which part has its two large terminal articulations distinct from those for the head of the rib , c ' , which I reckon among the neurapophysial ones . The rib , which term I confine to the pleurapophysis or' ' vertebral rib ' of comparative anatomists , ' pars ossea cost & ' of anthropotomy , presents a small flat subeircular surface , c " , for articulation with that on the base of the neurapophysis forming the upper angle of the body of the vertebra in advance of the segment to which the rib belongs . The neck of the rib rapicily expands as it quits the head , developes the convex oval surface , n " , on its upper part for the concavity on the neurapophysis of its own vertebra ; and is indented behind where it joins the tubercle . The oval convex articular surface , d " , for that on the diapophysis , is situated on the upper and towards the back part of the tubercle . The body of the rib is moderately convex on its outer side , tmore convex transversely on its inner side , where the convexity is bounded by a groove on each side , extending half-way down the rib , near its rather sharp margins : in its lower half the rib becomes a little broader and less thick . The outer surface of the rib is well marked by grooves and ridges for muscular attachment ; the best-developed eminence being at a short distance from the tubercle ; and the largest and deepest groove being behind the tubercle . The hemapophysis , or 'sternal rib , ' h , is a straight subcompressed bone , with a very irregular surface , which is somewhat convex on the inner side , but is traversed by strong oblique ridges with intervening deep and wide channels on part of the outer side . The surface of junction with the pleurapophysis is a very rough and irregular one for ligamentous union : the opposite end of the haemapophysis divides into two convex condyles , s 's ' , separated by an oblique , deep and rather narrow groove ; the outer condyle projects further than the other ; on the shorter one the articular surface passes continuously from one side to the other , describing a semicircle ; on the longer condyle the articulation is divided by a median constriction into two oval convex surfaces . One half of each of the condyles articulates with a corresponding concavity on the 'sternal bone ' ( h s ) of its own segment , the other half of each condyle with the contiguous sternal bone . The sterneber or sternal bone , completing , as ' hemal spine , ' h s , the typical segment in question , is a cuboid piece , divided into an outer or peripheral , and an inner or central portion . The outer portion is subpentagonal , having its four corners excavated by as many concavities for the haemapophysis ; the two upper concavities , s " s " , being divided by a flat rough tract , the two lower concavities by a rough tuberosity . The outer surface is flat and rough . The inner portion , or that next the cavity of the chest , is larger than the other and has a hexagonal contour ; the four angular concave articular surfaces , s " , s " , for the hoemapophyses being separated , at the sides of the bone , by rough tracts ; and , above and below , by a flat articular surface , d'' , by which the bone articulates with contiguous sternal bones . The inner surface of this portion is flat and rough , having been apparently covered by a strong aponeurosis in the living animal . Thus the whole bone presents not fewer than ten articular surfaces , viz . a flat semicircular one above or in front of , and a similar one behind , the posterior division ; and two concave articulations , s " , 8 " . on each side of both divisions for the double condyles of two pairs of haemapophyses . e The chief modification in the sixth segment of the chest is the development of a third articular surface at the back part of the base of the spine , between the two posterior zygapophyses ; and the somewhat greater production of the ridge which stands out from the fore-part of the base of the spine between the anterior zygapophyses . The inferior or hwemal arch is also augmented by increased length of the ribs . The key-bone of that arch , sterneber or haemal spine , Plate XXVII . figs . 4-7 , repeats the characters of that Of the previous segment , save that the sternal articulation , s , and the haemapophysial ones , , , of the central division of the bone are more continuous , as shown in , fig . 6 . Fig. 5 shows the surface which was presented towards the integument ; fig . 4 that which was turned towards the cavity of the chest ; fig . 7 is a side view showing the four articular cavities for the double condyles of the sixth and seventh homapophysesfig . 6 shows the under surface of this remarkable type of sternal bone . In the seventh dorsal vertebra ( Plate XIX . figs . 1 , 2 , 3 ) , a third articular surface , mz , fig . 1 , is developed between the two anterior zygapophyses , z , z , to join that upon the back part of the sixth vertebra ; so that there are three zygapophyses , a median and two lateral , on both the fore and the back part ( mz ' , fig . 2 ) of the arch of this vertebra , making , with the three articular surfaces on each side ( fig . 3 , c ' , n ' , d ' ) for the ribs , and with the anterior and posterior surfaces of the centrum , not fewer than fourteen joints . In this and the two following segments of the back ( D and 9 , Plate XVII . ) , the ribs attain their greatest length . In the tenth segment the hvemapophyses cease to articulate below directly with a haemal spine . The median zygapophyses continue to be developed both before and behind to the twelfth dorsal vertebra inclusive . In the thirteenth ( Plate XXVI . fig . 4 ) this supplementary articulation is suppressed behind ; and the costal articulations have disappeared from the diapophyses d. Those on the neurapophyses are almost circular , n ' , and those on the upper and posterior angles of the centrum , c ' , have increased in size . The metapophysis ( m ) , which was indicated by a protuberance above the diapophysis in the preceding dorsals , begins to assume the form of a rugged thick vertical ridge . The fourteenth dorsal vertebra shows the progressive increase of size of the centrum , and the absence of the median zygapophysis before as well as behind ; and in it the costal articulation on the centrum for the penultimate rib is lost , as well as that on the diapophysis for the antepenultimate one , and only the subeircular concave neural surface for the rib remains . In the fifteenth dorsal vertebra the posterior zygapophyses are convex transversely at their inner border , slightly concave in the rest of their extent ; the back part of the neural spine between these processes is deeply grooved ; the metapophysial ridge increases in height and length ; a short and thick anapophysis is developed from the back part of the base of the diapophysis , and on the under part of the anapophysis there is a distinct , nearly flat , articular surface . The sixteenth dorsal vertebra ( Plate XIX . figs . 4 and 5 , Plate XXVI . fig . 5 ) offers a corresponding modification at the fore-part of each neurapophysis , in the development of a short , strong , wedge-shaped process , p , fig . 5 , answering to the parapophysis in lyrmecophaga* and Dauypus , with an articular surface , pa ( Plate XIX . fig . 4 ) , on its upper part for junction with the anapophysis of the preceding vertebra . The metapophysis , m , projects forward above the zygapophysis , the articular surface of which ( z , fig . 5 ) is continued upward upon the metapophysis ( mz , fig . 4 ) . The anapophysis , a a , fig . 5 , Plate XXVI . , forms a strong thick square plate of bone projecting upward , outward and backward from the diapophysis . The anapophysial articular surface , a ' , a ' , fig . 5 , Plate XIX . , is on the under and back part of this plate , nearly parallel with the posterior zygapophysis , z ' , the convex inner border of which has increased in thickness . The body of the vertebra assumes , with its larger size , a more decided trihedral or wedge-shaped figure at this part of the spine . The rib of the thirteenth segment loses the convex articular surface on the tubercle , which is attached by ligaments to the diapophysis . The rib of the fourteenth segment loses the small flat surface at the extremity of the head ; and only the large convex surface on the upper part of that end of the neck remains , which surface , extending to the free end of the neck , reduces that part to an edge : the tubercle exists in this rib , and is rough for ligamentous insertions as in the preceding . In the fifteenth ( Plate XIX . figs . I and 3 ) and sixteenth ( ib . fig . 2 ) ribs the tubercle subsides ; the neck of the rib is defined by the rugosity of its whole upper surface , save that part where the articular convexity , n " , remains for articulating with the neural arch , as shown at n ' , fig . 5 , Plate X1X . The haemal spine ( ' sterneber ' ) of the eighth segment , Plate XXVII . figs . 8-12 , may be the last of the so-called bones of the sternum . It is divided , like those in advance , into a peripheral and a central portion . The peripheral portion ( fig . 9 ) is of a subquadrate form , the four corresponding articular surfaces for the haemapophyses almost touching each other at their margins ; the outer roughened surface is convex ; the anterior hecnapophysial articular surface is suppressed on the left side of this division of the bone , fig . 10 , to which the corresponding heemapophysis seems to have been united by ligament . The central division of the bone ( fig . 8 ) presents the median flat surface ( s , fig . 10 ) on its tupper or fore-part for the antecedent sterneber , and the concave haemapophysial surface , on each side of its anterior half ; but posteriorly the haemapophysial surface on each side is confluent with that of the same side belonging to the peripheral division of the bone , which thus presents at its lower or hinder part only two long oval concave articular surfaces ( lip a , figs . 11 & 12 ) for the pair of hemapophyses of the ninth segment of the chest , and the concavities almost meet at the under surface of the sterneber , which there presents no articular surface for a succeeding one . The number of articular surfaces , therefore , of this bone is reduced to six ; one , S , for the antecedent sterneber , two on the anterior half of the right side , fig . 12 , for the bifid condyle of the eighth heemapophysis , one on the anterior half of the left side , ha , fig . 10 , for one of the condyles of the opposite heemapophysis ; and a pair of surfaces on the posterior and lateral parts , a , for the ninth pair of haemapophyses which terminate each by a single convex condyle . It is possible that a more simplified sterneber may have intervened between the hoemapophyses of the tenth segment . In the three segments of the trunk , Plate XVII . L 1 , 2 , 3 , succeeding the last of the dorsal series , both pleurapophyses and haemapophyses are wanting as distinct ossified parts , and those segments are reduced to the coalesced elements , constituting the lumbar vertebrae ' of Human Anatomy . The accessory articulations between the parapophyses and anapophyses are continued in these vertebrae , which do not become anchylosed together in the Megatherium as in the Mylodon . I next proceed to trace the modifications of the segments as they recede from the typical one in the opposite direction or towards the head . The fourth dorsal segment much resembles the fifth , which has been taken as the type ; the pleurapophyses are shorter , especially at their cervix ; but the complex articulations of these and of the haemapophyses are repeated . In the third segment the pleurapophysis , pl , fig . 3 , Plate XXV . , and haemapophysis , ib . h , are anchylosed together : both are shortened , but the pleurapophysis in a greater degree ; this retains its three articular surfaces , c " , n " , d " , on the head , neck and tubercle ; and the haemapophysis , h , has its double condyle , s ' , s " , at the sternal end , fig . 3 b , the inner one being single , the outer one divided by a narrow groove into an anterior and a posterior convexity . The concave border of the rib is less produced than in the fifth segment . In the second dorsal segment ( Plate XVII . D 2 ) the neural spine is increased in height , and the metapophysial tubercle is diminished in size . The vertebral , pi , and sternal , h , parts of the rib ( Plate XXV . fig . 2 ) are anchylosed , and both are shortened : the former retains its three articular surfaces on the head , c " , neck , n " , and tubercle , d " , that on the tubercle being the largest , and being partially divided into two convexities ( fig . 2a , d ) . The pleurapophysis ( pl , fig . 2 ) is diminished in length , but increases in breadth to its place of coalescence with the haemapophysis ( h ) ; the convex articular surface ( fig . 2b , s " ) on the outer condyle of the haemapophysis is not divided : the inner condyle , s ' , is much reduced and has only a small articular surface . The first dorsal segment ( Plate XVII . D i ) is remarkable for the superior height and antero-posterior extent of the neural spine , the summit of which expands into a broad flat subtriangular rough surface , Plate XX . fig . 5 . D i , no . The anterior margin of the spine is sharp and produced . The anterior zygapophyses are not so near each other as in the succeeding vertebrae ; and they are continued outwardly upon the base of the metapophysis , which is here more distinct from the diapophysis than in the succeeding vertebrae ; and the articular surfaces of the zygapophyses are slightly concave transversely . The costal concavity below the diapophysis is continuous with the smaller articular surface upon the side of the neurapophysis . The pleurapophysis ( Plate XXV . pl , fig . 1 ) is much reduced in length , and is confluent below with a short , thick , broad , subquadrate hvemapophysis , h. The short neck of the rib terminates in a small obtuse end without any distinct articular surface : this end seems to have been imbedded in the ligamentous mass between the seventh cervical and first dorsal vertebrae : the short neck quickly expands into the shaft of the rib : a small elliptical surface , fig . 1 a , n " , on the upper part of the neck , is continued at its outer end into the larger convex surface upon the upper part of the tubercle , d " : from the middle of the anterior border of this surface a strong ridge is continued down the outer surface of the rib to its hinder border . The sternal end of the haemapophysis , fig . 1 b , presents a large subtriangular surface , slightly concave in one direction , slightly convex in the other , adapted to a similar single concavo-convex surface on the side of the much developed and modified haemal spine called ' manubrium sterni . ' This bone ( Plate XXVII . figs . 1 , 2 , 3 ) is of an oval or cordiform figure , with a prominence on each side near its inferior truncated apex , below the lateral articulations , for the first pair of sternal ribs . The outer surface is principally concave lengthwise , and is sculptured by the impressions of the coarse aponeurotic structures which have been adherent to it in the living animal : a short median longitudinal ridge projects from its lower part . The inner surface is chiefly convex , but is very irregular . At its upper half a strong median prominence divides the shallow rough depressions , cl , for the attachment of the clavicular ligaments : these depressions are deepest above the costal articulations which are supported on well-marked triangular prominences . 'Between these prominences the bone is rather concave . A strong rough tuberosity projects below the lower angle of the costal surface . The contracted inferior end of the manubrium terminates in an oval convex articular surface , s ' , for the second sternal bone . There are no articular surfaces for the heemapophyses of the second dorsal segment . The skeletal segment ( Plates XVII . C7 ; XX . fig . 7 ) in advance of the first of the dorsal series is reduced to its centrum and neural arch ; both pleurapophysis , haemapophysis and haernal spine are absent ; and its remaining anchylosed elements constitute the 'seventh cervical vertebra ' of Descriptive Anatomy . This is most remarkable for the great development of the neural spine ( Plate XX . fig . 7 , ) , which exceeds that of the first dorsal vertebra : the summit is similarly expanded and flattened above ( Plate XX . fig . 5 , 7 ) ; but the anterior margin is still more produced , forming a low angle about half-way down the spine ( fig . 7 , ) . The anterior zygapophyses are more remote from each other than in the first dorsal , and their articular surfaces are chiefly supported by the inner side of the base of the metapophyses , figs . 5 , 7 m , which are here well developed and more distinct from the diapophyses , d , fig . 7 , than in the dorsal region . The diapophyses , figs . 5 & 7 , d , are strong , rugged , stand out from the sides of the neural arch , and terminate in rough truncate ends . The posterior zygapophyses ( figs . 6 & 7 , z ' ) are slightly convex . In the sixth cervical vertebra ( Plates XVII . C6 ; XXI . figs . 5 & 6 ) the spine , is much shortened , though still long and large in proportion to the neural arch . The metapophyses , m , m , stand out from the upper part of the side of the neural arch behind the anterior zygapophyses , z. The diapophyses , d , d , are developed from the base of the neural arch , which has descended lower upon the sides of the centrum ; and now we find another element the pleurapophysis , pl-restored to the segment , but reduced to rudimental proportions and anchylosed at two points . Its vertebral end is bifid ; one portion , answering to the head of the rib , has coalesced with the side of the centrum ( at p , fig . 5 ) ; the other , answering to the tubercle , has united with the under part of the diapophysis , d- : what may be termed the body of the rib is a short but broad rhomboidal plate ( fig . 6 , pl ) , projecting outward , downward and a little backward . The space intercepted between the pleurapophysis and diapophysis forms the canal , v , for the vertebral artery . The fifth cervical ( Plate XVII . C5 ) differs from the sixth by its smaller dimensions , especially by its shorter spine , and by the diminution in the breadth of the pleurapophysis , which terminates by a thick obtuse end : it sends out , however , a thin plate forwards from its vertebral end . The metapophysis is a large obtuse tubercle , Plate XX . fig . 5 , m. 5 . In the fourth and third cervicals ( Plate XXI . figs . 3 & 4 ) the neural spine is still more reduced , and , contracting from its base , assumes a triangular shape , fig . 4 , ns . The anterior zygapophyses , fig . 3 , z , are concave transversely , and look upward and inward ; the posterior ones , fig . 4 , z ' , are convex , with the reverse aspect : the metapophysis , m , continues to be developed as a distinct tuberosity , external and posterior to the prozygapophyses ; and the pleurapophysis continues to send forward the pointed plate from its fore-part , fig . 4 , p ' , its outer end , p1 , being thick and tuberous , like the diapophysis , d , above . The dentata ( Plate XXI . figs . 1 & 2 ) has its spine extended in the antero-posterior direction , and of great strength , though low ; with a thick angular ridge projecting from its fore-part and overhanging the neural canal ; it is broad , flattened and almost vertical behind and has a subbifid summit ( Plate XX . fig . 5,2 , and Plate XXI . fig . 1 , ) . There are no metapophyses and no anterior zygapophyses , but the analogous articular surfaces ( figs . 41 & 42 , zn ) have descended upon the antero-lateral parts of the coalesced centrum of the atlas or ' odontoid process , ' and are adapted to corresponding surfaces of the bases of the neural arch of the atlas . The posterior zygapophyses , z ' , are wide apart , and are convex . The diapophysis , d , is short and obtuse ; the pleurapophysis , pl , still developes its anterior angle , Plate XXI . fig . 2 , pl ' . The fore-part of the odontoid process , o , is a rounded tuberosity , on the under surface of which is the oval ? slightly convex surface for articulating with the hypapophysis ( Plate XX . fig . 3 , o , ) , which has coalesced with the neural arch , of the atlas , and is commonly called the 'body of the atlas . ' The under surface of the centrum of the dentata developes a hypapophysial ridge . The atlas , viewed from behind , as in Plate XX . fig . 3 , is a large , transversely oblong , subdepressed , shuttle-shaped bone , perforated by a large aperture , quadrate below for its detached centrum the ' odontoid process , ' arched above for the spinal cord . The thinnest and smallest part of the ring of the atlas is formed by the hypapophysis , which has coalesced with part of the bases of the neural arch , nn , and has supplanted , as it were , the proper centrum , o , Plate XXI . figs . I & 2 , which has remained anchylosed to that of the axis . The upper surface of the hypapophysis presents a shallow articular surface , o , Plate XX . fig . 3 , for that centrum to rest and turn upon . The hinder half of the base of the neurapophysis developes , on each side , a slightly concave , subeircular , articular surface , z ' , for a moveable articulation with that on the side of the odontoid , fig . 1 , Plate XXI . The atlas is perforated anterior and external to this by a foramen , Plate XX . fig . 1 , s , answering to that called 'foramen alare posterius ' in the Horse , in which it gives passage to the posterior branch of the occipital artery ; in the Megatherium the foramen or canal is bridged over by a narrow oblique bar of bone , dividing its external outlet into two , r & s , and through the hinder , s , of the divisions it is probable that a branch of the second spinal nerve may have passed . The diapophysis , d , is a broad , depressed , rounded aliform process , with a protuberance from its under and back part , like the rudiment of a pleurapophysis , pl . Anterior to this process the under surface of the diapophysis is deeply and widely excavated and perforated by the vertebral artery , the canal for which , opening upon the upper surface of the diapophysis , is then continued obliquely inward , perforating at q , fig . 4 , Plate XX . the upper part of the neural arch , just within the upper part of the condyloid concavities . A large part of the canal for the first spinal nerve , fig . 1 , v , opens into the outer commencement of the vertebral canal , and answers to that called ' foramen alare anterius ' in the Horse , which transmits the inferior branch of the first spinal nerve as well as the anterior branch of the occipital artery . The condyloid concavities , fig . 2 , are semioval , large and deep , and occupy nearly the whole of the anterior surface of the neural arch , being separated above by a rough tract of three inches ' extent , upon which the vertebral canals open . There is a tri , angular rough surface at the back and inner part of each condyloid concavity . Such are the modifications of the different cervical vertebra of the Megatherium . With regard to the dorsal vertebrae , their chief characteristics may be briefly recapitulated as follows : The first dorsal vertebra is distinguished by the confluence of the neuro-costal and dia-costal surfaces , and by the superior height of the spine . The second to the fifth dorsals inclusive , like the first , have only the ordinary pair of zygapophyses before and behind , but have the neural and diapophysial surfaces for the rib distinct . The sixth dorsal is recognizable by having a third median zygapophysis behind , but not in front . The seventh to the twelfth dorsals inclusive have the three zygapophyses both before and behind . The thirteenth dorsal has the median zygapophysis in front but not behind : the costal surface has disappeared from the diapophysis . The fourteenth dorsal has only the ordinary pair of zygapophyses before and . behind , but may be distinguished from the second , third , fourth and fifth dorsals by the absence of the costal articulation on the diapophysis , and of that on the upper and hinder angle of the centrum . The fifteenth dorsal has an anapophysis on each side with an articular surface , and has only the costal articulation on the neurapophysis . The sixteenth dorsal has on each side , at the fore part of the neural arch , a parapophysis with a superior articular surface , and behind , an anapophysis with an inferior articular surface . But it differs from the lumbar vertebra by the costal surface on the neurapophysis . Having now described the principal characters of those segments of the skeleton , the centrums and neural arches of which are comprehended in Anthropotomy under the term of ' true vertebrue , ' on account of their freedom of motion on each other , I next proceed to the description of the ' false vertebrae ; ' and first , of those that , being anchylosed together , form the ' sacrum . ' This part of the skeleton includes five vertebra ( Plate XXIII . 1-5 ) , which are not onlyanchylosed to each other , but to both the iliac and ischial bones : the length of the sacrum is 22 inches , its extreme breadth across the fifth vertebra , fig . 1 , d5 , is 20 inches . The centrum of the first vertebra ( Plate XXII . c ) presents a transversely oblong , subquadrate , flattened , articular surface for that of the last lumbar vertebra , with its margin a little produced forwards , and developed below into a pair of rough ridges , * . * . The neural arch overhangs this surface , and developes a metapophysis from the fore part of each side of its base , with a broad articular surface on its under part , and a similar surface above ( Plate XXIII . fig . 1 , z ) , representing the anterior zygapophysis ; the two surfaces meeting at a right angle at their inner borders . The broad diapophysis of the first sacral , I , is perforated by a small subvertical canal , d ' , at its confluence with the ilium , and is separated from the corresponding part of the next diapophysis by a larger orifice , o i , which is the first of the four superior or , posterior sacral outlets . The neural arch of the first sacral vertebra , n 1 , is separated from that of the second , n 2 , by a narrow transversely elongated elliptical vacuity . The neural arches of the three succeeding vertebrae are completely confluent : a pair of triangular closely approximated apertures , n 4 , divides the base of the neural spine of the fourth , 4 , from that , 5 , of the fifth sacral vertebra . The neural spines of the first four sacral vertebrae have coalesced into a strong vertical ridge increasing in thickness as it extends backwards , and being there from two-thirds of an inch to one inch and a half thick across the broken summit . The second posterior sacral canal , o 2 , intervenes between the diapophysis of the second and that of the third vertebra . The metapophysis , M 4 , of the fourth appears as a low angular tubercle above and a little behind the diapophysis of the third sacral , 3 . The diapophysis of the fourth sacral , d4 , extends outwards beyond the ilium , as a subdepressed broad process with a rough free extremity ; the back part of the process coalesces with a similar but stronger and longer diapophysis of the fifth sacral , d5 , from the fore-part of the base of which a tuberous metapophysis , 5 , projects upward and forward . The third , o 3 , and fourth , o 4 , upper sacral outlets are wider apart than the second and first ; the sacrum expanding posteriorly . The back and under part of the diapophysis of both the fourth and fifth vertebrae coalesce with the ischium and with the thick and strong parapophysis extended from the side of the centrums . The " neural arch of the fifth sacral developes a pair of posterior zygapophyses , Plate XXIII . z ' , z ' , with a flat surface looking outward and a little downward , and with the lower angle continued upon a small rough subarticular surface . The posterior surface of the last sacral vertebra , Plate XXIII . fig . 2 , is on the same vertical parallel as the posterior zygapophyses ; it is nearly flat and transversely elliptic . The neural canal of the sacrum , the anterior aperture of which is 3 inches in vertical and 4 inches in transverse diameter , expands in the sacrum , and opens below by three wide foranmina on each side : of these the first and second are of great size : into the second foramen the third upper sacral canal leads : the third lower sacral foramen , which is the smallest , corresponds with the fourth upper one : the fifth canal for the fifth pair of sacral nerves broadly grooves the back part of the parapophysis and side of the centrum . The posterior aperture of the neural canal is 2 inches in vertical and 4 inches 3 lines in transverse diameter . Both ( diapophyses and parapophyses of the first three sacral vertebrae coalesce with the ilia . The sacrum is concave below both transversely and lengthwise . The tail of the Megatherium was of great strength : it is so long as to touch the ground when the trunk is raised at an angle of forty-five degrees from the horizontal position : it includes eighteen vertebrae , which progressively diminish in size from the first to the last , Plate XVII . The first vertebra , Plate XVIII . fig . 2 , is remarkable for the length and strength of , its diapophyses , d , which are expanded at both ends , and , like those of the sacral vertebrae , are probably lengthened out by connate or coalesced pleurapophyses , pl . The base of the process , dp , extends from the side of the centrum to the base of the neural arch , is widely excavated behind for the passage of the first pair of caudal nerves , and is subcompressed before it expands into its rugged free termination . These processes are shorter than those of the last sacral vertebra . The neural canal , n , is triangular , 3 inches in vertical and 3 inches 9 lines in transverse diameter . The neural arch developes two posterior zygapophyses , z ' , with their articular surfaces looking downwards and outwards : two anterior zygapophyses , z , with their articular surfaces looking upwards and inwards , these being strengthened by a strong tuberous metapophysis , m , on their outer side : the spine , ns , is of moderate length , carinate behind , obtuse'and slightly expanded above . From the under part of the transversely elliptical centrum are developed two hypapophyses , , each with an oblong articular surface , Plate XXVI . fig . 6 , , to which is joined a haemapophysis , Plate XVIII . h. Each haemapophysis is a long slender conical bone , with an articular surface at each angle of the base , and an obtuse slightly inflected apex : the inner side fof the bone is slightly concave , the outer one convex transversely : a rough tuberosity dividing it from the inflected apex . The essential differences between the first caudal segment and the dorsal one delineated on the same Plate are , that the pleurapophysis , pl , is short and anchylosed to the diapophysis , the haemopophyses , h , articulate with the centrum , and the haemal spine is absent , in fig . 2 . The second caudal vertebra ( Plate XXIV . figs . 1 and 2 ) differs from the first in having an anterior , fig . 2 , , as well as a posterior , . by ' , pair of hypapophyses ; and in the confluence of the hbemapophyses , fig . 1 , h , at their apices forming the so-called ' chevron bone ' ( os en chevron , CUVIER ) . This vertebra is smaller than the first caudal in all its parts except the haemapophyses , and in all its dimensions except the vertical diameter , which is due to the development of the coalesced parts of those elements into a long and strong haemal spine , hs . The anterior hypapophyses , fig . 2 , by , which are the smallest , articulate with the surface on the back part of the base of the hvemapophyses of the first caudal vertebra : the posterior hypapophyses , by ' , which are more oblong and closer together , articulate with the anterior and larger pair of surfaces , by ' , of their own haemapophyses , fig . 1 , h. There is a strong rough tuberosity projecting backwards external to each of the anterior hypapophyses . The posterior articular surface is , in the present instance , developed only on the right haemapophysis , fig . 1 , by " ; on the left it is represented by a rough tubercle . From the third to the fifth caudal , vertebra inclusive , the proximal end of each haemapophysis has both the large anterior transversely oblong surface for its own centrum , and the smaller subeircular posterior surface for the next centrum : the spine , or coalesced portions , of the third pair is the longest in the caudal series ; beyond this it progressively diminishes . In the sixth caudal vertebra the haemapophyses have a rough protuberance instead of the posterior articular surface . After the eighth the protuberance subsides to a rough ridge . In the eleventh caudal ( Plate XXIV . figs . 3-6 ) the distal end of the coalesced and shortened hbemapophyses , by , is truncate , and as broad as the divided bases . The under surface of the corresponding centrums of the sixth to the eleventh caudal offers the articular surface on the anterior pair of hypapophyses , fig . 6 , ' ; the posterior pair , . by , are rough tuberosities . The posterior zygapophyses ( figs . 3 , 4 , 5 , z ' z ' ) retain their articular surfaces to the tenth caudal : in the eleventh they are mere angular projections . The metapophyses , m M , are continued to the fourteenth caudal . The neural spine is reduced to a low tuberosity on the thirteenth caudal ( fig . 7 , ns ) : the neural arch continues complete to the sixteenth fig . 8 , n : in the seventeenth , fig . 10 , the neurapophyses , n , are mere exogenous ridges , bounding the sides of an open neural groove . The heemapophyses are continued to the fourteenth vertebra : two pair of rough low hypapophysial tubercles , by , hy , fig . 9 , continue to be developed to the sixteenth : they subside on the penultimate caudal , fig . 11 , in which the diapophyses are represented by an obtuse ridge on each side of the centrum . In the last centrum , figs . 12 , 13 , all the processes have disappeared , and it presents the form of a low rounded cone , with a smooth concave pentangular base , fig . 13 , and a rough tuberous summit , fig . 12 . This simplified modification of the central element terminates the vertebral series . Comparison of the Vertebral Column . In the number of the true vertebra , as well as of their kinds , the Myrmecophaga jubata , amongst the Edentata , agrees with the Megatherium . The Ai , or Three-toed Sloth , Bradypus tridactylus , has the same number of dorsal and lumbar vertebra , but has two more in the cervical region ; the Unau , or Two-toed Sloth , Cholaepus didactylus , has the same number of cervical and lumbar , but has eight additional dorsal vertebrae , being the greatest number known in any mammalian quadruped . The Short-tailed Manis ( Manis brevicaudata ) has seven cervical and sixteen dorsal vertebrae , but it differs from the Megatherium in having five lumbar vertebrae The Armadillo tribe ( Dasypodid ) differ most from the Megatherium in the inferior number of the dorsal vertebrae , which do not exceed eleven in some species , nor twelve in any . The Orycterope , Orycteropus capensis , shows its affinity to the Armadillos in having but thirteen dorsal vertebrae : and , like them , it has five lumbar vertebra . With regard to the structure of the vertebrae , the Anteaters , both hairy ( Myrmecophaga ) and scaled ( Manis ) most resemble the Megatherium in the length and the uniform backward inclination of the spinous processes ; but these processes are not so long in proportion to their antero-posterior extent . The spinous processes of the dorsal vertebrae are short and , in the hinder ones , obsolete in the Sloths : the Unau shows the nearest affinity to the Megatherium by having a few of the anterior dorsal spines better developed than in the Ai . In the Orycterope the last dorsal spine is vertical , indicating a centre of motion in the trunk , those behind and those before slightly converging towards this centre . In the development of the accessory articular surfaces upon both anapophysis and parapophysis of the last dorsal and lumbar vertebre , the Megatherium manifests a more direct departure from the Sloths and a proportionate affinity to the Anteaters . The Armadillos , which likewise possess these accessory joints , have superadded peculiarities of the posterior dorsal and lumbar vertebrae , in relation to the support of their peculiar bony armour , of which the Megatherium offers as little trace as do the Myrmecophagae : I allude to the progressively and rapidly increasing length of the metapophysis These , in the lumbar region , equal in length the spinous process itself ; to which the metapophyses bear the same relation in the support of the overarched carapace that the tie-bearers do to the king-post in the architecture of a roof . From the fact of the metapophyses in the dorsal and lumbar vertebrae of the Megatherium , Plate XVII . and Plate XIX . figs . 4 and 5 , m , not being developed beyond the state of a tubercle , I long ago drew the inference that , like the Sloths and Anteaters , it was not covered by a bony armour . * See Plate XLIX . figs . 18 & 19 , m , of Part I. of this memoir , Philosophical Transactions , 1851 . t Geological Transactions , 2nd Series , vol. vi . p. 101 ( 1839 ) . With regard to the cervical vertebra , the fact of the Megatherium having the normal number in the Mammalian class seven if it were not sufficiently established by the well-adjusted articulations of those in the skeleton here described , rendering any supplemental vertebrae inadmissible , -would have been made most probable by the same number being present in the skeleton of the Megatherium at Madrid , and in the more complete skeleton of the Mylodon in the Museum of the Royal College of Surgeons in London . Moreover , that one of the Megatherioids had seven cervical vertebrae and no more is certain : the skeleton of the Scelidotherium , discovered and deposited by Mr. DARWIN in the Museum of the Royal College of Surgeons , having been imbedded , without disturbance of the true vertebrae , and those of the neck being exposed in the ordinary number , and in their natural juxtaposition , on the removal of the stony matrix* . The atlas in both the Ai and Unau presents but two perforations on each side upon the upper surface ; one in front , the other behind the base of the transverse , process , and this is less produced and is of a quadrate rather than a triangular form . The dentata of the Unau resembles more that of the Megatherium in the size of the spinous process than that of the Ai does ; but the spine in the Unau is pointed behind , not bifurcate . In the forms and proportions of the spines of the succeeding cervical vertebra the Unau approaches nearer to the Megatherium than does any other existing Edentate species ; but the spine of the seventh cervical is by no means proportionally so developed , and metapophyses are not present in any . The Armadillos are distinguished from all other Bruta by the great breadth , the shortness and the anchylosis of the middle cervical vertebrae . In the Anteaters ( Myrmecophaga ) the spine of the dentata is low and is extended more forwards than backwards ; the spines of the other cervical vertebrae are still less elevated . In the long-tailed Manis very similar proportions of the cervical spines prevail . The closest correspondence with the Megatherium in the form and structure of the cervical vertebrae is presented as might be expected by its extinct congeners , the Mylodon and Scelidotherium . A resemblance of the Armadillos to the Megatherium has been pointed out in the ossification of the sternal ribs , but this is a character common to the order Edentata , and is consequently equally manifested by the Sloths . The Anteaters most resemble the Megatherium in the double joints by which the sternal ribs articulate with the sternum . There is , however , a character by which the Sloths peculiarly resemble the Megatherium , viz . in the anchylosis of the sternal with the vertebral portion of the rib in those of the first three dorsal segments . The Unau most resembles the Megatherium in the form of the manubrium sterni , having the same prolongation of that bone in advance of the expanded part giving articulation to the first rib . This prolongation , which is not present in the Bradypus tridactylus , relates to the complete development of the clavicles in the Cholaepus didactylus , and serves , as in the Megatherium , for their ligamentous attachment . In other existing Bruta the manubrium sterni has a broader and shorter figure , and is generally emarginate anteriorly . The succeeding sternal bones present the nearest resemblance to those of the Megatherium in the genus Myrmecophaga , in which they are divided into two parts , each having articular surfaces for those on the bifurcate ends of the ossified sternal ribs ; but here the broad depressed portion of the sternal bone is external , the stumpy cylindrical part internal or toward the thoracic cavity . The small subcubical sternebers of the Sloths represent the peripheral divisions only of the more complex bones in the Megatherium . Only the Sloths and Anteaters resemble the Megatherium in the small number of the lumbar vertebrae , and the Megatherium most resembles the Myrmecophaga in the number and complexity of the articulations between these . The genera Manis , Dasypus and Orycteropus have five lumbar vertebrae . Both the Mylodon and Scelidotherium have three lumbar vertebrae ; but these had coalesced with each other and with the sacrum in the skeleton of the Mylodon robustus described by me* . The Myrmecophagae have five sacral vertebrae as in the Megatherium : the Orycteropus has six : so likewise has the Bradypus tridactylus : the Bradypus didactylus has seven sacral vertebrae ; the Armadillos depart furthest from the Megatherium in the unusual number of vertebrae which coalesce to form the sacrum , these ranging from eight to ten in the different species . It would be unsafe , however , to infer that the Megatherioids were more nearly allied to the Anteaters than to the Sloths in respect of the structure of the sacrum , of the Megatherium , for the Mylodon robustus has seven sacral vertebrae , like the Bradypus didactylus . The posterior expansion of the sacrum and its junction with the ischia , so as to circumscribe the great ischiatic notch , is a character common to the Order Bruta . The sacrum early anchyloses with the iliac bones in the Sloths ; and the broad and expanded ilia of these animals , with the long and slender anterior parts of the ischia and pubes , circumscribing a large obturator foramen , and bounding a capacious pelvis in front by a narrow symphysis , are characters by which the Sloths , of all existing Edentata , offer most resemblance in their pelvis to the Megatheri u m. The part of the skeleton in which the Sloths differ most from the Megatherium is the ' tail , which is so short as to be hardly visible in the entire animal ; whilst the Anteaters and Armadillos present the extensive and complex development of caudal vertebrae which characterizes the Megatherioid skeletons . In all the existing species of the ground-dwelling Edentate families the tail is relatively longer and more slender than in the Megatherium ; it is even prehensile in the Manis longicaudatus and in the Myrmecophaga didacyla ; but of the modifications of the terminal vertebrae on which that power depends there is no trace in the Megatherium any more than in the Mylodon . The hvemapophyses are distinct , but short and stumpy , in the first caudal vertebra of the Dasypus longicaudatus , Pr . Max . : in the Myrmecophaga jubata they present proportions much more nearly resembling those in the first caudal vertebra of the Megatherium , and they are equally disjoined at their distal ends * . The Mylodon in the number , as well as the proportions and structure of the caudal vertebrae , makes the nearest approach to the Megatherium ; the hmemapophyses are equally distinct from each other in the first caudalt . Upon the whole , our deductions from the characters of the parts of the skeleton described in the present section of this memoir , would lead to an inference that Alegatheriumn was nearer akin to Myrmecophaga than to Bradypus ; nevertheless the cervical vertebrae , the condition of the anterior ribs , the form of the manubrium sterni , and the pelvis , illustrate the intermediate nature of the giant 's affinities , and afford an additional instance to many others which I have had occasion to point out , of a closer adherence to a common type in extinct animals than in the existing species to which they may be most nearly allied . DESCRIPTION OF THE PLATES . PLATE XVII . Skeleton of the Megatherium , on the scale of one inch to a foot . ( The vertebral concealed by the scapula are added in outline . ) C 1-7 . Cervical vertebra . D 1-16 . Dorsal vertebra . L 1-3 . Lumbar vertebris . S. Sacrum . Cd is . Caudal vertebrae . 18 . Stylohyal..51 Scapula . 53 . Humerus . 54 . Ulna . 55 . Radius . s. Scaphoid part of Scaphotrapetzium . Trapezial part . 1 . Lunare . c. Cuneiforme . p. Pisiforme . d. Trapezoidea . m. Magnum . u. Unciforme . i. Rudimentary metacarpal of first digit or pollex . It . Second digit , or index . III . Third digit , or medius . iv . Fourth digit , or annularis . v. Fifth digit , or minimus . 62 . Ilium . 63 . Ischium. See Philosophical Transactions , 1851 , Plate LIII . fig . 60 . t Memoir on the Mylodon , 4to . p. 69 , pl . 8 , fig . 5 , b , b. Pubis . 65 . Femur . 66 . Tibia . 66 ' . Patella . 67 . Fibula . 67 ' . Fabella . a. Astragalus . cl . Calcaneum . s. Scaphoides . ce . Ectocuneifo'rm . b. Cuboides . II . Rudimentary metatarsal of second digit . III . Third digit . iv . Fourth digit . v. Fifth digit . ( There is no rudiment of the first or innermost toe of the hind foot in the Megatherium . ) PLATE XVIII . Typical vertebra in the Megatherium . One-fourth natural size . Fig. 1 . Fifth dorsal vertebra , or natural segment of the skeleton . c. Centrum , c ' . articular tubercle for head rib ; n , neurapophysis , n ' , neurapophysial surface for neck of rib ; d , diapophysis , d ' , diapophysial surface for tubercle of rib ; Z , anterior zygapophysis ; m , metapophysis ; ns , neural spine ; pi , pleurapophysis or ' vertebral rib ' ; c " , head ; n " , articular surface on upper part of the neck ; d " , articular surface on tubercle ; h , haemapophysis or 'sternal rib , ' s ' , s ' , its condyles ; , hemal spine , or ' sternal bone ; ' s " , s " , articular surfaces for hoeinapophysial condyles . Fig. 2 . First caudal vertebra . n. Neural arch ; p , parapophysial part , d , diapophysial part , pl , pleurapophysial part , of compound transverse process ; , hypapophyses ; h , heemapophysis , ' , articular surface for its own vertebra , which is in advance ; " , articular surface for succeeding vertebra . PLATE XIX . Fig. 1 . Seventh dorsal vertebra , front view . Fig. 2 . Seventh dorsal vertebra , back view . Fig. 3 . Seventh dorsal vertebra , side view . Fig. 4 . Sixteenth dorsal vertebra , front view . Fig. 5 . Sixteenth dorsal vertebra , back view . All the figures are drawn , minus the heemal arch , one-fourth natural size . c ' . Articular tubercle for the head of the rib ; n ' , neurapophysial articular surface for the neck of the rib ; d , diapophysis , d ' , diapophysial articular surface for tubercle of rib ; m , metapophysis , mz ' , metapophysial articular surface ; a , anapophysis , a ' , anapophysial articular surface ; p , parapophysis , pa , parapophysial articular surface ; z , anterior , z ' , posterior , mz , mid-anterior , mZ ' , mid-posterior , zygapophyses ; ns , neural spine . Fig. 1 . The atlas , upper view . Fig. 2 . The atlas , under view . Fig. 3 . The atlas , back view . Fig. 4 . The atlas , side view . Fig. 5 . The seven cervical and first dorsal vertebra , upper view . Fig. 6 . The seventh cervical vertebra , back view . Fig. 7 . The seventh cervical vertebra , side view . One-fourth natural size ; c , centrum ; n , neurapophysis ; , neural spine ; d , diapophysis , , of the third to the seventh cervicals inclusive ; pl , pleurapophysis ; pi ' , ( fig . 7 ) articular surface for head of first dorsal rib ; m , metapophysis ; ( fig . 2 ) , anterior articular surface ; z ' , posterior zygapophysis ; , hypapophysis ; o , ( figs . 1 & 3 ) its articular surface for the odontoid or true body of the atlas ; r , division of the foramen alare posterius , for the passage of the posterior branch of the occipital artery ; s , division of the same foramen for the passage of a branch of the second spinal nerve ; v , forarnen alare anterius , communicating with q the canal for the vertebral artery . PLATE XXI . Fig. 1 . The axis , or vertebra dentata , front view . Fig. 2 . The axis , or vertebra dentata , side view . Fig. 3 . The third cervical vertebra , front view . Fig. 4 . The third cervical vertebra , side view . Fig. 5 . The sixth cervical vertebra , front view . Fig. 6 . The sixth cervical vertebra , side view . One-fourth natural size ; o , odontoid process ( centrum of atlas ) ; zn , analogues of anterior zygapophyses , in the dentata ; z , anterior zygapophysis ; z ' , posterior zygapophysis ; d , diapophysis ; p , parapophysis ; pi , pleurapophysis , p1 ' , its anterior production ; m , metapophysis ; ns , neural spine . PLATE XXII . First sacral vertebra , with part of its haemal arch ( ilium and pubis ) . One-fourth natural size ; c , centrum ; exogenous growths ; ma , metapophysial process and articular surface . Fig. 1 . The five sacral vertebrae , upper view . Fig. 2 . The five sacral vertebrae , back view . One-fourth natural size ; c , centrum ; n i , n 4 , coalesced neurapophyses ; coalesced neural spines , of the four anterior vertebrae ; 5 . neural spine of fifth vertebra ; d 1 , 2 , 35 4 ) 5 diapophyses ; m 2--m 5s metapophyses ; 0 1-0 posterior outlets of nerve-canals ; z , anterior , Z ' , posterior , zygapophyses . PLATE XXIV . Fig. 1 . The second caudal vertebra , back view . Fig. 2 . The second caudal vertebra , under view , minus the haemal arch . Fig. 3 . The eleventh caudal vertebra , back view . Fig. 4 . The eleventh caudal vertebra , side view . Fig. 5 . The eleventh caudal vertebra , upper view . Fig. 6 . The eleventh caudal vertebra , under view , minus the hemnal arch . Fig. 7 . The thirteenth caudal vertebra , upper view . Fig. 8 . The sixteenth caudal vertebra , upper view . Fig. 9 . The sixteenth caudal vertebra , under view . Fig. 10 . The seventeenth caudal vertebra , upper view . Fig. 11 . The seventeenth caudal vertebra , under view . Fig . 12 . The eighteenth caudal vertebra , back view . Fig. 13 . The eighteenth caudal vertebra , front view . One-fourth natural size ; c , centrum ; by , anterior , by ' , posterior hypapophyses ; h ' , their haemal articular surface ; n , neural arch and neurapophyses ; ns , neural spine ; d , diapophysis ; pi , pleurapophysis ; m , metapophysis ; z , anterior , z ' , posterior zygapophysis ; h , haemal arch , ty ' , ( fig . 1 ) its anterior hypapophysial articular surface , by " , its posterior hypapophysial surface ; hs , haemal spine . PLATE XXV . Fig. 1 . First dorsal rib . Fig. 2 . Second dorsal rib . Fig. 3 . Third dorsal rib ; one-fourth natural size . Figs. 1a , 2a , 3a , their upper articulations . Figs. 1 b , 2b , 3b , their lower articulations ; one-half natural size . c " , articular surface on the head for the centrum ; n " , articular surface on the neck for the neurapophysis ; d " , articular surface on the tubercle for the diapophysis ; s ' , anterior condyle for sternum , s " , posterior condyle for sternum ; p4n pleurapophysial part , b , haemapophysial part , of rib ) . Fig. 1 . Flead and neck of the fifteenth dorsal rib , upper view . Fig. 2 . Head and neck of the sixteenth dorsal rib , upper view . Fig. 3 . Head and neck of the fifteenth dorsal rib , side view . One-half natural size ; n " , neurapophysial articular surface . Fig. 4 . The thirteenth dorsal vertebra . Fig. 5 . The sixteenth dorsal vertebra . Fig. 6 . The first caudal vertebra , under view , minus the haemal arch . Fig. 7 . The clavicle . One-fourth natural size ; c ' , articular surface for the head of the rib ; n ' , neurapophysial surface for the neck of the rib ; p , parapophysis , ; d , diapophysis ; a , anapophysis , a ' , its articular surface ; pn , pleurapophysis ; hy ' , hypapophysis ; z , anterior , z ' , posterior zygapophvsis ; ns , neural spine . PLATE XXVII . Haemapophyses of dorsal vertebrx or bones of the sternum . Fig. 1 . Manubrium sterni , outer or under view . Fig. 2 . Manubrium sterni , inner or upper view . Fig. 3 . Manubrium sterni , side view . Fig. 4 . Sixth sternal bone , inner or central surface . Fig. 5 . Sixth sternal bone , outer or peripheral surface . Fig. 6 . Sixth sternal bone , upper or anterior surface . Fig. 7 . Sixth sternal bone , side view . Fig. 8 . Eighth sternal bone , inner surface . Fig. 9 . Eighth sternal bone , outer surface . Fig. 10 . Eighth sternal bone , upper surface . Fig. 1 1 . Eighth sternal bone , under surface . One-fourth natural size ; , surface for the clavicle ; hp , articular surface for hemapophysis , or sternal portion of rib ; s and s ' , articular surface for contiguous sternal bone ; , anterior outer haemapophysial surface , ' , posterior outer hbinapophysial surface ; hp , anterior inner , ' , posterior inner haemapophysial surface . 
On the Osteology of the Solitaire or Didine Bird of the Island of Rodriguez , Pezophaps solitaria ( Gmel . ) . By ALFRED NEWTON , M.A. , Professor of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy in the University of Cambridge , and EDWARD NEWTON , MLA . , Auditor-General of Mauritius . Communicated by P. L. SCLATER , M.A. , Ph. D. , F.R.S. Received May 6 , -Read June 11 , 1868 . EVIDENCE as to the fact of the island of Rodriguez in the Indian Ocean having been formerly inhabited by a Didine bird specifically distinct from the true Dodo of Mauritius ( Didus ineptus , Linn . ) appears to have been first satisfactorily adduced in 1844 by the late HUGH EDWIN STRICKLAND . It is true that , eighty years ago , GMELIN , in his edition of the 'Systema Naturae ' of Linnaeus ( tom . i. p. 728 ) , described in . scientific language , from the account given by LEGUAT ( with which he was apparently acquainted only at second hand through the intervention of BUFFON ) , a second species of the genus Didus as inhabiting that island ; but this species had been long rejected by all zoologists , except those whose labours had been confined to the work of compilation , until , as just mentioned , STRICKLAND proved , from a renewed examination of the original and other accounts , that the species thus described , however it might have been misrepresented , had certainly once existed , and moreover that remains of it were contained in at least three collections the Museum of the Jardin des Plantes , the Andersonian Museum of Glasgow , and the collection of the Zoological Society of London . The opinion thus propounded was , four years later , set forth at greater length by its author , the subject of it being then declared not only specifically but generically distinct from Didus ineptus , and called Pezophaps solitaria ( Gmel . ) ? , and since that time no one has ventured to impugn its accuracy . Thus , though formally accepting GMELIN as the first author who applied the set rules of zoological nomenclature to this species , little credit is really due to him from the fact . LEGUAT , in 1708 , was its original describer , * Proc. Zool . Soc. 1844 , pp. 77-79 . ( Reprinted in Ann. and Mag . Nat . Hist . xiv . pp. 324-326 . ) t Voyage et Avantures de FRANCOIS LEGUAT & C. Londres : 1708 , 2 vols . 12mo ( vol. i. pp. ) ; A New Voyage to the East-Indies by FRANCIS LEGUAT & c. London : 1708 , 1 vol. 8vo ( pp. 71-74 ) . + Hist . Nat . des Oiseaux , vol. i. p. 485 . ? The Dodo and its Kindred & c. By H. E. STRICxKLAO , M.A. & c. , and A. G. MELVILLE , . & c. London : 1848 , 4to ( pp. 46-56 , and 113-119 ) . 11 The name " Solitaire , " or ( in the contemporaneous English translation of his work ) ' Solitary , " by which LEGUAT called the Didine bird of Rodriguez had in reality been previously bestowed by CARRE ( Voyage des Indes Orientales & c. , par Mr. CARRE , Paris : 1699 , vol. i. p. 12 ) on the Didine bird of Bourbon ( Reunion ) . As the rule of priority is not necessarily enforced with regard to vernacular names , there seems to be no reason why the Rodriguez species should not retain that by which it has become generally known . We can afford to keep the Bourbon species waiting for a common name until some particle of its remains is discovered . if he may not be called its discoverer ; for we have no knowledge of any writer who had previously distinguished it from the better-known Dodo of Mauritius* , and STRICKLAND was the first naturalist who placed its former existence beyond all doubt . The remains of this bird , the " ' Solitaire " of Rodriguez , existing in museums until within the last few years seem to have been as follows:--The Museum of the Jardin des Plantes possessed ive bones , said to have been found in a cave in Rodriguez in ; these were a femur , a tarso-metatarsal , a humerus , the median portion of a sternum , and a portion of the cranium . The Andersonian Museum at Glasgow contained six , being part of a collection made by the late Mr. TELPAIR , a right and left femur with the fragment of a third , a left tibia , and a right and left tarso-metatarsal ? . The Zoological Society of London possessed the remaining portion of this collection 11 ; but the specimens ( five in number ) were for some time mislaid , and were consequently not available for the use of Messrs. STRICKLAND and MELVILLE when they published their work ? . In 1851 these specimens were rediscovered in the house of the Society by Mr. BARTLETT , and proved to be a portion of a right humerus , a right femur , a right tibia , and a right and left tarso-metatarsal the last two belonging to different individuals . In the description of these bones , which Mr. BARTLETT published soon after " , he was induced into several grave , though perfectly excusable , errors , and in fact only referred one of the specimens ( the right tarso-metatarsal ) to the Solitaire , though there can now be no doubt that they all belong to that species . Nor was STRICKLAND much more fortunate , for early in the following year ( 1852 ) he also described these same specimens , and , misled as his predecessor had been by the same causes ( of which , however , he assigned a different explanation ) , he equally imagined that he had before him the remains of more than one species . Besides the sixteen bones just enumerated two others were the property of STRICKLAND one , a left tarso-metatarsus , found at the same time and place as those in the Museum at Paris ; and another , a right tarso-metatarsus , said to have been found in 1831 by Colonel DAWKINS , but in the same cave as the others ? . In addition to these eighteen specimens we are informed that in 1860 or 1861 a tibia , the shaft of a tarso-metatarsal , and some fragments of the shaft of a femur , all of which belonged to the Solitaire , were sent to Professor OwEN by M. BOUTON of the Museum at Mauritius ; but the fate of these specimens is unknown to us . Thus up to the year last mentioned not more than twenty-one specimens , of which many were duplicates , of the bones of the Solitaire had been brought to the notice of naturalists . They included portions of the cranium and sternum , the humerus , the femur , tibia , and tarso-metatarsal ; but the portions of the cranium and sternum , and the only perfect humerus , all of which were in France , were so much encrusted with stalagmite that their characters were in some parts wholly obscured . In November 1864 one of the authors of this paper visited Rodriguez* , and near the entrance of a cave on the south-west side of that island he picked up two bones , a perfect left tarso-metatarsal and the shaft of a left humerus . About the same time Captain BARCLAY found a third bone , a femur . These were sent to England , and described and figured under the provisional name of " Didus nazarenus , BARTLETT , " the describer having fallen into the same mistake as that naturalist and STRICKLAND had already done . Meanwhile Mr. GEORGE JENNER , the magistrate of Rodriguez , was urged to make a more thorough search for further remains of the Solitaire in the localities whence the specimens last mentioned had been found . Accordingly , on the 1st August 1865 , a box from this gentleman reached one of the authors at Mauritius . It was found to contain upwards of eighty-one specimens of bones , belonging to at least sixteen individuals . Among these bones were a portion of the coracoid , examples of the ulna , radius , and fibula , portions of the pelvis and one of the digital phalanges , all of which had been previously unknown . But , more than this , from a series so large it became at once plain , by the presence of many specimens of intermediate size , that the theory of the existence in the island of Rodriguez of two species of Solitaire ( originated by Mr. BARTLETT , afterwards adopted with a modification by STRICKLAND , and followed subsequently by one of the present authors in describing the results of the previous < " find " ) became untenable , and this fact was declared when a few months later the specimens arrived in England , and were exhibited at a meeting of the Zoological Society . Immediately on tidings of this very important discovery being made known in this country ? , the British Association for the Advancement of Science , then assembled at Birmingham , at the instance of Mr. P. L. SCLATER , appointed a Committee to assist one of the present authors in his researches into the Didine Birds of the Mascarene Islands , and placed a handsome sum of money at his disposal for that purpose . Whereupon Mr. JENNER was requested to order a new examination of the more promising caves Ibis , 1865 , pp. 146-154 . t Proc. Zool . Soc. 1865 , pp. 199-201 , pl . viii . + Ibid . pp. . ? Report of the Thirty-fifth Meeting of the British Association ; Notices and Abstracts of Miscellaneous Communications to the Sections , p. 92 . in Rodriguez . Owing to the scarcity of labourers in that island and the irregularity of communication between it and Mauritius , nearly a year passed before anything could be done , and at last it was found necessary to send a small band of coolies to Rodriguez for the express purpose of digging in the caves there . These men were dispatched in August 1866 and returned to Mauritius in about two months , Mr. JENNER sending with them the results of their labour , consisting of nearly 2000 bones or fragments of bones of the Solitaire , with a few others belonging to various animals . Two facts , however , it must be said are greatly to be regretted in connexion with this expedition . It had been found impossible to put the coolies employed under an intelligent superintendent , who could have carefully noted down all the circumstances under which the bones were found ; and the report which Mr. JENNER was requested to draw up , giving an account of the caves visited and so forth , has unfortunately never reached us+ . Consequently nothing more is known of the specimens described in the present paper than that they were found in caves in the island of Rodriguez , but it is impossible for us to say how long they have been there buried ? . This much , by way of historical statement , is due to those who have before laboured upon the subject of which we are now about to treat as well as to those who have aided us in our attempt to recover the remains of this lost form . A few more words only are necessary before we begin to describe , as best we can , the osteology of the Solitaire of Rodriguez . First , we have to remark that while the enormously large series of specimens at our disposal has undoubtedly enabled us to form and declare certain opinions with greater confidence than we should otherwise have felt at liberty to do , we confess to having been in some respects much embarrassed by the wealth of our materials . It is not a very description which , while being minute and diagnostic , shall yet fit some fifty or more examples . There does not seem to be a single bone in the skeleton of Pezophaps solitaria which is not liable to greater or less individual variation of some kind or other . This variation in point of absolute size , in which of course it is most easily recognizable , induced Mr. BARTLETT , STRICKLAND , and one of ourselves ( as has been already stated ) into a serious error . But the individual variation is not at all confined to absolute size ; it extends to the relative proportion of divers parts of the bones , to processes or depressions upon them such as are commonly held to be specifically characteristic , so that it is often utterly impossible to predicate any definite limits of individual modification . We must by no means omit to mention here that the results of Mr. GEORGE CLARK'S fortunate discovery of bones of the true Dodo recounted by him in ' The Ibis ' ( 1866 , pp. ) , though not known in England till some months after the grant of the British Association had been voted , did much to inspirit those who were interested in the matter of the resurrection of the Solitaire of Rodriguez . t Report of the Thirty-sixth Meeting of the British Association , p. 402 . ? Professor STEENSTRUP , and there cannot be a better authority , on seeing the bones found in 1865 , recognized in some of them certain characters which he believed showed unfailingly that these birds had been eaten by men or dogs . No such characters are observable by us on the bones found in 1866 . This statement may seem bold , but we are convinced that it is true . With great deference to the mightiest masters of the science , we venture to submit that many of them have too often undervalued the benefit of consulting long series of specimens , and that the principle of ex uno disce omnia is one which must on no account be admitted to hold good in anatomy any more than in zoology . Nor is the variability of which we speak wholly dependent on age or sex* . Thus we are compelled to refrain from giving any of those precise measurements of the specimens we describe , such as are usually found in works of this nature , an omission which we trust will not be found productive of real inconvenience , owing to the number of figures by which the present paper is illustrated figures nearly all of the natural size , and drawn most carefully by the artist , Mr. FORD . Next we must state that Professor OWEN having published an elaborate description of the osteology of Didus ineptust , we have endeavoured , so far as was possible , to make our description of the osteology of the kindred bird conform with his both in general arrangement and special treatment , believing that by so doing we were but consulting the convenience of those who may wish to compare the structure of the two . Professor OWEN'S masterly treatise has been always at our side while examining , selecting , and describing the bones of Pezophaps solitaria , as has also been the equally elaborate dissertation of Dr. MELVILLE on such bones of this species as were known to him , and we have often availed ourselves of the expressions of either author for the express purpose of making the comparison the more obvious . Here , lastly , it must be mentioned that , thanks in a great measure to the generosity of Mr. GEORGE CLARK of Mahebourg , in Mauritius , we have had the advantage of studying at the same time a series of Dodos ' bones ( the fruits of his remarkable discovery ) more extensive even than that which furnished the subject of Professor OWEN'S treatise , and this by the kindness of the latter we have also had an opportunity of examining . Further , we have been indebted to various other friends and naturalists for other specimens tending to illustrate the subject , to Professors REINHARDT and . FRITSCH for casts of Didine remains existing in Copenhagen ? and Prague respectively , to Professor ALPHONSE MILNE-EDWARDS for models of the Pezophaps-bones in Paris , and to Sir WILLIAM JARDINE for casts of those in Glasgow ; while we have also to express our acknowledgments to the authorities of the Royal College of Surgeons of England for their liberality in lending us the precious skeleton of Didunculus strigirostris from their Museum , when informed by their Curator , Mr. FLOWER , of our wish to compare its structure with that of Didos and Pezophaps . Finally , our thanks are in a special manner due to Mr. JOHN WILLIS CLARK , the Superintendent of our University 's Museums of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy , for the trouble he has taken in mounting for us some of the bones both of the Dodo and the Solitaire with the success commonly attained by him in reconstructing the skeletons of animals . 2 . Vertebrac . The hundred and sixty-one vertebrae contained in the collection , few of which preserve all their processes in a perfect state , form a subject of no small perplexity , and it is beyond our power to determine precisely the number which the skeleton contained . On the presumption that Pezophaps possessed the same number of dorsal ( 8 ) and cervical ( 12 ) vertebroe as is assigned to Didus by Professor OWEN'S draughtsman * , there is such a great numerical preponderance of specimens of the eighth , ninth , and tenth cervicals ( Plate XV . figs . 24-34 ) , counting backwards , that one is at first led to suppose that Pezophaps must have been endowed with more , till a diligent study of each example compels the belief that no other presumption will meet the case equally well , and an explanation of the curious fact that the specimens of each of these three vertebroe are nearly twice as numerous as most of those of the rest must be sought elsewhere . And in support of this view it may be stated that of the three anchylosed dorsal vertebrae there are present in the collection but five examples . The penultimate free dorsal ( Plate XV . figs . 56-59 ) intervening between that which coalesces with the pelvis and the three anchylosed vertebrae just mentioned , is represented in the collection by nine specimens , none of which is entirely perfect . The hypapophysis is aborted ; the centrum posteriorly resembles that of the next anterior vertebra ; the neural canal is elongated vertically and contracted in the midst ; the neural spine is directed forwards , but its outline is not to be completely traced in any of the examples we possess ; near the anterior articular surface on either side is an articular somewhat reniform costal cavity ; the postzygapophyses have comparatively small articular surfaces , oval , and slightly-concave . The three anchylosed dorsal vertebrae ( Plate XV . figs . 51-55 ) , the last of which is the antepenultimate dorsal , bear a great general resemblance to the same bones in Didus . Taking a specimen of each species of nearly the same absolute size , the greater extent of the articular surfaces , and especially the lateral expansion of the anterior centrum , in Didus is plainly perceptible . But though these relative proportions are preserved , some specimens of these bones in Pezophaps are in every way very much bigger , and longitudinally bear to the corresponding part of their ally the proportion of ten to nine . In these larger ( male ) specimens , the hypapophyses of the anterior and middle vertebrae of the anchylosed three are not generally confluent so as to inclose a full elliptical space , and in none of the specimens , whether large or small , is there any trace of such a second foramen as seems to be invariably the case in Didus . The specimens of anterior dorsal vertebrze ( Plate XV . figs . 42-50 ) are in a very mutilated condition , and it is almost impossible to institute such a comparison between their remains and the corresponding bones in Didus as would serve any useful purpose . Further onward ( Plate XV . figs . ) a sensible though gradual elongation and attenuation of the vertebrle is manifested , which becomes perhaps the greatest about the region of the fifth , sixth , and seventh cervicals ( Plate XV . figs . 13-23 ) on the presumption here followed . The postzygapophyses are considerably elongated as compared with Didus in proportion to the breadth of the vertebrae . The neural spine of the anterior cervicals in that bird is much more prominent but less expanded than in Pezophaps ( Plate XV . figs . 6-12 ) . From the gradual elongation just mentioned the neck of this last , when living , must have been absolutely longer than that of Didus , a conclusion which testifies in another point to the fidelity of LEGUAT'S figure , of which more will be said in our concluding observations . Of the axis the collection contains six specimens , to one of which the atlas is united , possibly by partial anchylosis ( Plate XV . figs . 1-5 ) . The former closely resembles the axis of Didus as figured by Professor OWEN ( op . cit . pl . xvii . figs . 12 , 13 ) ; but the odontoid process projects much less , and indeed hardly at all beyond the anterior upper portion , while on the other hand the neural spine and ( as in the case already mentioned of the succeeding vertebrae ) postzygapophyses project considerably further backward . The same is to be observed in the postzygapophyses of the atlas as compared with Didunculus ; and in this respect Pezophaps resembles Goura . The articulating cavity for the reception of the occipital condyles is deep , and its lateral margins approach each other inferiorly somewhat more closely than appears to be the case in either Goura or Didunculus . 3 . Ribs . Of ribs , the collection contains ( besides a vast number of fragments ) nearly seventy examples , scarcely any of which are perfect , and a large portion consists of merely the upper extremities of the dorsal ribs . Of these there are about fifty-three specimens , and of the sternal ribs some fourteen . Very few of the former have their epipleural appendage preserved ( Plate XVI . fig . 63 ) , and as this seems to be the most ( if not the only very ) characteristic feature possessed by the ribs in birds , not much of importance can be determined in its absence . It would therefore be unnecessary to dwell at any great length on these bones , which present no very apparent distinctive characters from those of Didus . Perhaps on the whole the ribs of Pezophaps have their heads and articular tubercles proportionally somewhat thicker . This is certainly the case in the larger ( male ? ) specimens , and many of these are quite as stout as those ordinarily found in Didus . A pneumatic foramen near the base of the tubercle is generally but not invariably present , appearing to be , as in Didus , rather an individual character . The curvature is much the same in both birds , showing that Pezophaps must have been as bulky as its ally . Many of the posterior ribs bear on their outer surface the same marks of pressure or friction ( Plate XVI . figs . 62 , 63 ) , caused by the movements of the thigh , as have been observed in Didus . There appears to have been eight pairs of dorsal and four of sternal ribs . The first probably articulated with the thirteenth vertebra , the last or eighth with the twentieth , and seems to have been sometimes coalescent at its sternal extremity with the sternal rib of the preceding or seventh ( Plate XVI . fig . 64 ) ; but this feature did not always obtain , as another specimen of the latter from the opposite side , and most likely from a younger bird , shows ( Plate XVI . fig . 61 ) . The first and ( with the exception of the single coalescent specimen just mentioned ) eighth ribs are wanting . On the left side the sixth dorsal rib is missing , but the corresponding sternal rib is present . On the right side the contrary occurs , the sternal rib articulating with the sixth dorsal being absent . Thus the ribs represented in the collection may thus be enumerated : Left Right Dorsal . Sternal . Sternal . Dorsal . 4 . Pelvis . The pelvis of Pezophaps is represented in the collection by remains which must have belonged to at least thirty-seven individuals ; but by far the greater number of these are fragmentary , consisting chiefly of the coalesced sacral vertebrae with mutilated apophyses and separated from the iliac and other bones . One specimen , however , is comparatively perfect and possesses the pubic bones ( Plate XVII . figs . 66 , 68 , XVIII . fig . 70 ) , the form of which in Didus can be only conjectured . Compared with the pelvis of that bird , it is by no means so remarkable for the flatness and great breadth of the posterior half . One specimen , complete in this respect , has eighteen coalesced sacral vertebrae . Two equally perfect examples of Didus ineptus show only sixteen , which is probably the normal number in that species . The articular surface of the centrum of the last dorsal ( Plate XVII . figs . 66 , 67 ) is in Pezophaps almost exactly as in Didus , but the pit for the head of the rib is placed somewhat more forward in the former . The anterior outlet of the neural canal exhibits as much individual variety as it does in Didus , but is generally vertically ovate and sometimes constricted midway . The buttresses of bone supporting the praezygapophyses are more slender than in Didus , and the praezygapophyses themselves are smaller ; with their facets inclined more forward and less vertically sloped . The fore part of the neural spine , which is nearly as strong as in Didus , has a similar rough syndesmotic surface and a curved anterior outline , but it is not constantly confluent with the ilia , the thickened margins* of which ( Plates XVI . fig . 65 , XVII . fig . 68 , XVIII . fig . 70 ) , rising behind it and meeting together , appose , more or less , their curved inner ( and under ) edges to one another till nearly over the anterior renal cavity , when , instead of sweeping backward and forming a prominent gluteal ridge as in Didus , they suddenly turn downwards , then , in some specimens , as sharply forwards , and finally trend backwards towards the part over the acetabulum , soon becoming obsolete . The coalesced neural spines of the remaining sacral vertebrae , after dipping down to allow of the meeting together of the margins of the ilia as just described , rise again and form a continuous , elevated and slightly curved ridge ( Plates XVI . ig . 65 , XVII . figs . 68 , 69 , XVIII . fig . 70 ) , which , sloping slightly downwards towards its termination , extends to the posterior extremity of the sacral region , where it presents a small lozenge-shaped , partly articular and partly syndesmotic surface to the anterior caudal vertebra , as in Didus , receding around the neural canal , here reduced to a very small foramen , but with the centrum projecting backwards . The abutments of the first sacral vertebra ( Plate XVI . fig . 66 ) , which seems to be somewhat more elongated , are generally almost exactly as in Didus . One specimen , however , shows a remarkable deviation from the ordinary form , in having the pleurapophysis , usually a slender straight filament , very greatly thickened , and curving downwards outwardly to meet the ilia , with which it is confluent . In the next three vertebrae there is considerable individual variation : sometimes all have their pleurapophyses thickened , sometimes the first two only , and in one specimen ( that which has just been mentioned as having the first sacral abnormal ) the last two . The majority of specimens show the thickening of the first two . On the whole , however , the general aspect of this part is very like what it is in Didus . The fourth and fifth sacrals have their pleurapophyses occasionally developed , but though in one specimen those of the fourth are very much thickened , in none are they sufficiently produced to coalesce with the ilia . In another specimen the diapophysis of the fifth is greatly thickened on the right side so as to present the appearance of a thickened pleurapophysis , while on the left it is of the ordinary character . The next succeeding sacral vertebrae closely resemble those of Didus , and are attached to the ilia by their diapophyses only . In the seventh , eighth or ninth sacrals , however , and most generally in the eighth , the pleurapophysis reappears , just as it does in Didus ; extending backwards and rapidly widening , it abuts against the underside of the ilium , immediately above the acetabulum , but not , as in Didus , behind it . The next succeeding vertebra occasionally developes an imperfect pleurapophysis , but the remainder are attached to the ilia only by diapophyses . These are stouter and less lamelliform than in Didus , and , owing to the more convex form of the posterior portion of the pelvis , the cavities they intercept are shorter . The whole of these vertebre are broader than in ' Didus , and this comparative widening of the centrum becomes more obvious towards the posterior extremity . The ilium above ( Plates XVI . fig . 65 , XVII . fig . 68 , XVIII . fig . 70 ) is not so distinctly divided into two parts as in Didus , owing to the obsoleteness of the gluteal ridge already mentioned . The anterior part is less concave , the posterior more convex , and both are narrower than in Didus . The anterior border of the ilium is thickened and curved with the convexity forward , but the most convex part of the curve is nearer the lower margin than in Didus , where it is situated about the middle . The form of the upper margin of the ilium has been previously described . The orifices of the ilioneural canals are very much smaller than in Didus , and often more circular . The acetabular region is much as in Didus , but the trochanterian surface is narrower , more prominent , and directed more forward . Immediately above this surface , where the ilia have diverged furthest from each other , they rise , and without showing any angular ridge , bend over convexly . Here they slope downward till about as far as the fourteenth sacral vertebra , approaching each other slightly , but not so much as in Didus . They then again diverge . The inner surface of the ilium is also thickened behind the ischiadic foramen , but in Pezophaps to a less degree . The outer border of the posterior part of the ilium projects pretty equally in the two forms , and the coalescence of the ilium , ischium , and pubis is much the same in each . The pubis , of which in Didus only a small portion has been described , is present in one specimen of Pezophaps ( Plates XVII . figs . 66 , 68 , XVIII . fig . 70 ) in what appears to be a nearly perfect condition . It originates below rather than behind the acetabulum , and diverges , as soon as it is free , both vertically and horizontally from the ischium . It is at first trihedral with the addition of a sharp projecting ridge on its upper and outer margin . This ridge disappears as the bone passes backward , and broadens into a lamina with the upper edge thickened , and bevelled on the outer side . After passing beyond the extremity of the sacrum the pubis bends upward , slanting slightly inward , and the bevel turning to the inner side disappears . The ischium of Pezophaps greatly resembles that of Didus , so far as can be judged from the imperfect examples of the latter which exist . The ischiadic foramen of the former , however , is as broad behind as before . The posterior portion of the ischium , at the distance from the ischiadic foramen of about its own length , becomes sensibly convex . It then narrows and becomes concave , its lower margin sloping downward and outward , as if to pass and avoid the pubic style , which is here directed upward and inward in a different plane ; but the extremities of both pubis and ischium are broken off , and it is not perfectly certain that they may not have met eventually , though it is not easy to suppose that they have done so . Quite enough , however , remains to show that in the posterior portions of both these bones Pezophaps differs entirely from Didunculus , or indeed any Columbine form , and we must go far to seek a similar case . The conjectural restoration of the ischium and pubis in Didus by Professor OWEN'S artist ( op . cit . pl . xv . ) is probably altogether erroneous ; but if it be so the error is , under the circumstances , most excusable , for no one could have predicated the extraordinary forms assumed by these bones in Pezophaps . 5 . Sternum . Of this bone the collection contains fragments belonging to at least six individuals , but only one that is at all complete , though some portions of the others furnish information as to certain not unimportant details . The most perfect specimen ( Plate XVIII . figs . 71-74 ) also has received much damage on its sides and posterior extremity , so that their contour can only be inferred a matter perhaps of the less consequence since the characters afforded by the posterior extremity of the sternum are certainly not so constant in birds generally as those to be deduced from the anterior end* . This same specimen is also one of the smallest ( female 1 ) , and on that account it is possible that some of the most remarkable characters of Pezophaps may not be very strongly developed in it . None of the other fragments ( Plate XVIII . fig . 75 ) , though undoubtedly belonging to larger ( male ) birds , could have come from individuals equalling in size that whose sternum is now at Paris , and believed to have been hitherto unique . Even making every allowance for the stalagmitic incrustation with which the specimen is encumbered , this bird could not have been less bulky than the largest Didus whose sternum has been preserved . The very near affinity of Pezophaps to Didus is nowhere better shown than on comparison of the sterna of the two forms ; and it is self-evident on the most cursory inspection of them . So far as can be determined from the imperfect state of all the specimens of each , hitherto recovered , there is no distinction of any very great importance to be detected . The general configuration of the two their extraordinary helmet-like form-is precisely similar and unlike that of any other bird known to us . It may be that the keel in Pezophaps is relatively somewhat deeper than that of Didus , but . Didus varies not inconsiderably in this respect , and it would be very unsafe , from what we see of other parts of the skeleton , to assert that Pezophaps did not vary also . Yet a closer examination will reveal several characters more or less diagnostic . First it may be remarked that the coracoidal grooves are shallower and narrower in Didus than in Pezophaps , and in all the specimens , save one of the last , there is a deeper depression , almost a little pit , at the inner extremity of the groove , in a line and , occasionally , to some degree confluent with it . Above this pit there is in one specimen a second , smaller and subtriangular shallow depression . This same specimen is the only one that exhibits any part of the costal processes , and even here their edges have been broken off . It has the same distal enlargement and concave extremity as Didus ; but the concavity is semidivided by a well-defined ridge stretching halfway across the cup . A more remarkable difference is presented by the costal border in this specimen , which shows articular surfaces for four sternal ribs only instead of five , which is the normal number in Didus * , and , so far as can be determined from the broken state of the remaining specimens , there is nothing to induce the belief that they possessed more than four such surfaces . A third character which seems to prevail in Pezophaps ( being found in all our six examples , and also remarkably well shown in the specimen of the Museum at Paris ) is by no means constant in Didus , such indication of it as exists at all occurring there , so far as our experience goes , only in the smaller examples . This is the presence in Pezophaps of a very deep median hollow near the anterior end of the internal surface of the sternum hollow so deep that in five ( including the Paris example ) out of seven instances the bone is actually perforated , and in one the perforation ( the external orifice of which is situated below the coracoid grooves ) is of very considerable size . In most specimens of Didus where anything like this depression exists it seems to be connected with the pneumatic foramina of the bone , and in the largest examples it is , with them , altogether obliterated . In Pezophaps , however , it has a very distinct existence apart from the pneumaticity of the bone , and ( as has just been said ) it occurs conspicuously in the Paris specimen , which is equal in size to the largest Didus , where no trace of any depression , much less of a deep hollow , is present* . 6 . Scapular Arch. Of this portion of the skeleton we have numerous scapulae and coracoids , but unfortunately not a fragment which we can identify as belonging to the furcula . None of the specimens offer any trace of the remarkable anchylosis , observed not unusually in Didus , of these three bones , and from the considerable series in our possession it is perhaps not too much to conclude that such anchylosis never took place in Pezophaps . The scapula ( Plate XIX . figs . 84-86 , , XX . figs . 132 , 133 ) , of which thirty-six specimens are contained in the collection , differs very greatly in its general form from that of Didus . Instead of being sabre-shaped and curved decidedly backward , it is rather straight , or , if anything , inclining generally somewhat forward a character not known by us to exist in any other bird , and only pointing backward and inward at its extremity when it becomes spatulate in form . Considerable individual variety of shape , however , is found in this part in Pezophaps , as is also the case in Didus . As a whole the bone is comparatively stouter in Pezophaps , especially its proximal part , and the markings of muscular attachments are not so well defined , there being in this respect , little difference between its inner and outer surface . The latter does not so often display towards the distal extremity the slight elongate cavity observable in Didus ; but is , on the contrary , very frequently somewhat convex , while the inner surface is , almost without exception , decidedly concave , though to a variable extent . The process sent off from the lower and outer border , which is a marked and ( so far as we can judge ) an invariable feature in Didus , is represented merely by a slight notch formed by the abrupt termination of the ridge , which eventually becomes the edge of the thinner and more distal extremity of the bone . The articular end of the scapula is relatively thicker than in Didus , with the coracoidal surface occupying a proportionately larger space , while the humeral surface is not so extensive , and the acromial process is proportionately smaller , much less curved , and not containing in its hollow the pneumatic foramen which appears to be always present in Didus . Of the coracoid ( Plates XIX . figs . 76-83 , XX . fig . 136 ) the collection contains twenty-seven more or less perfect specimens , besides the anterior extremity of eleven others , thirty-eight in all . This most significant bone differs very greatly from the corresponding part in Didus a fact not perhaps so surprising when the exceedingly abnormal form which it assumes there is taken into consideration . It is in Pezophaps proportionately much more bulky , and generally smoother . At its sternal end it differs from Didus , and indeed from all Columbine birds , in the extension and rounding off of the outer border so as entirely to mask the more or less elongate process which in some of the Columbidae ( Columba livia for instance ) is turned distinctly forwards . Corresponding with this the inner border is produced into a sharper angle , though blunt at the tip , than it is in Didus , and much more so than in most other Pigeons* . Making allowance for the extreme attenuation of the coracoid in Didus , which is its especial characteristic , the surfaces of the coracoid in Pezophaps present , on closer study , much the same aspect . The upper surface at the sternal end ( Plate XIX . figs . 78 , 82 ) is more convex , and the lower one is less flat , but generally perforated with similar pneumatic foramina , though these are variable in shape and extent , and sometimes , though seldom , entirely disappear . The muscular ridge and rough surface which mark the back part of this bone , below the middle of the shaft , in Didus are not usually so distinct in Pezophaps ; the former , however , can be traced in all the specimens . At the upper end of the coracoid the articular surfaces ( Plate XIX . figs . 77 , 81 ) have much the same aspect as in Didus , an allowance being made for its increased relative thickness . The surface for the articulation of the scapula is , however , proportionately larger . It is very variable in form , being in most of the larger ( male ? ) examples roughly quadrate , in the smaller ( female ) triangular . In these last there commonly springs from the inner corner a somewhat elongate process , directed inward and slightly downward , and then curving backward . The humeral articular surface is not nearly so well defined , and is not oval and smooth as in Didus , but generally somewhat semilunar in shape , with two or three depressions , caused ( as some of the specimens show ) by minute foramina ( which in others are entirely obliterated ) ? . The surface for the articulation of the furcula in Pezophaps is shorter and broader than in . Didus . There is no trace in any of the specimens of an actual anchylosis of the coracoid with the furcula any more than with the scapula ; but in many of the larger ( male ? ) ones , there is a considerable bony development on the edges of the articular surfaces , as if resulting from the partial ossification of the integument , which may perhaps be an approximation to that condition of the three bones which seems usually to have existed in Didus . The exact angle formed by the axes of the coracoid and scapula at the point where they meet cannot positively-be determined . To the best of our judgment , however , it cannot have been much less than it is in Didus , * . 7 . Bones of the Wing . Compared with the wing-bones of Didus those of Pezophaps present , even on the most cursory inspection , a more massive aspect with a smoother surface . The humerus ( Plate XIX . figs . 91 , 92 ) , of which the collection contains forty-six specimens , most of them in a sufficiently perfect condition , has the proximal extremity considerably more rounded , with the oval convexity of the articular head absolutely ( even in the smallest specimens ) more elongated outwardly , and in front more transversely concave . The pectoral process projects very slightly , and the ulnar tuberosity is less developed . Of the pits at its base , the upper one is narrower and more oblique , the lower one much narrow er , and with a very much larger pneumatic foramen . The longitudinal ridge , so strongly developed on the upper portion of the shaft in Didus , is here generally almost , and sometimes quite , obsolete . The muscular ridges of the distal end resemble more closely those of Didus . The cancellous structure of either end is perhaps rather less developed in Pezophaps . The radius ( Plates XIX . figs . 94 , 95 , XX . figs . 137 , 138 ) , of which forty-three specimens are contained in the collection , is a stout nearly straight subcylindrical bone in increased development , into a similar but deeper and elongate hollow , of the depression commonly situated between the scapular and furcular articulating surfaces ; a depression , however , very variable in its extent in other examples . This very marked characteristic of the sternal apparatus in Didus I had the pleasure of first making publicly known at the Meeting of the Zoological Society of London on the 12th of December , 1865 , when I exhibited a drawing of the confluent coracoid scapula and furcula of that bird from a specimen sent me by my brother , which specimen arrived a few days after the meeting . On learning that Professor OWEN was anxious to have the task of describing the skeleton of the Dodo ( from the remains sent him by Mr. GEORGE CLARK ) , I suppressed the paper containing the remarks I had made on that occasion ( Proc. Zool . Soc. 1865 , p. 732 ) . I therein stated that ( always excepting the Struthiones ) I knew of no other bird but Ocydromus in which the angle formed by the axes of the coracoid and scapula was greater than a right angle , and I have not in the meantime been able to discover any other form presenting this remarkable feature , since recognized by Professor IiHUxL ; Y in his course of Hunterian Lectures for 1867 , and again in his proposed scheme for the classification of birds ( Proc. Zool . Soc. 1867 , p. 425 ) , as one of the distinguishing characters of the Orders ( Subclasses ? ) Carinatae and Ratitae . A . N. t The shaft of a left humerus , wanting its extremities , was picked up by me on my visit to Rodriguez in 1864 , and has been figured ( Proc. Zool . Soc. 1865 , pl . viii . fig . . N. creasing in thickness from near the proximal end , and widening laterally very considerably towards the distal , where it expands to nearly double the original diameter of the shaft , and in the larger specimens ( males ) is clothed on the side furthest from the ulna for nearly half an inch by an irregularly-shaped bony growth , having at first sight much the appearance of a stalagmitic encrustation , to which further reference will be made presently . In the smaller specimens the entire bone , though nearly half an inch shorter , is considerably thicker than in Didus , especially towards the distal end , in which part there is little resemblance between the two forms . The proximal articular surface though larger is much as in Didus . The ulna ( Plates XIX . figs . 93 , 96 , XX . figs . 134 , 135 ) , of which forty-one specimens are present , is cylindrical , straighter , and thicker than in Didus , with the muscular depression , described by Professor OWEN , much less deeply marked , smaller , and situated more distally . In some specimens as many as ten impressions of the roots of the secondary wing-quills can be distinctly traced along the anconal surface , besides three elongated and transversely-directed depressions towards the distal end . On the radial side of these depressions there is present in two or three large and well-preserved specimens a small bony tuberosity . Very many of the largest ( male ) specimens of both ulna ( Plate XX . fig . 135 ) and radius bear marks of fracture and healing during the bird 's life . Perhaps the most interesting of the bones in the whole collection is the metacarpal ( Plates XIX . figs . , XX . fig . 131 , XXII . fig . 148 ) , of which no specimen belonging to any Didine bird has hitherto been seen . We have here thirty-two . That it would be very short was a safe inference from what we know of it in other flightless birds ; but it could hardly have been expected to obtain from it such a singular confirmation of LEGIJAT'S statement regarding a remarkable peculiarity in the " Solitaire " as observed by him , nor that it should furnish an explanation of the curious bony growth on the distal end of the ulna and radius already mentioned as presented by the specimens of supposed males . All the perfect specimens of the metacarpal have on the radial side a more or less spherical bony knob or callus-like mass developed immediately beyond the proximal end and the pollex , which last would appear to be thrust away by it to some extent . This knob in the larger specimens , which we suppose to have belonged to males , is out of all proportion to anything of the kind yet known in ornithology . It is subject to a good deal of variation in form and to a less degree in size , sometimes projecting rather downward than laterally , but in all cases more or less pedunculate . In the largest ( male ^ ) specimens its longest diameter is about half the length of the entire metacarpal , and its transverse breadth in any direction is not much less . The metacarpal itself is pneumatic and light , the largest specimen weighing , the knob and all , just about a quarter of an ounce ; but the knob , which has been broken off from another specimen , weighs as much as the remainder . The appearance of the knob is much that of diseased bone ; it has probably been covered by a cartilaginous integument , which may have extended to the somewhat similar though less developed osseous growths on the ulna and radius just mentioned . But unquestionably it answers most accurately to LEGUAT'S words Mr. JOSEPH GEDGE , of Gonville and Caius College , has been good enough to furnish us with the following account of the microscopic appearance of this singular structure : ' " On removing a portion of the exterior ( after reducing it to a sufficient tenuity ) it presented under a low power the cancellous appearance of moderately old callus . On examining it with a high power the lacunae were for the most part irregular in form ; some round with jagged edges , others irregularly stellate , connected together by processes from the lacune without the intervention of true canaliculi . A few normal lacunae and a few vascular canals existed ; but there was no lamination . The osseous matter was arranged so as to give an unusually fibrillated aspect to the bone . Irregularity in the form of the lacuna may not unfrequently be observed in the exterior portion of osseous outgrowths ( e. g. spavin ) , when the structure of the interior in no way departs from the ordinary characters of normal bone . It is , however , a character which belongs only to bone which has passed through the stage of rudimental fibrous tissue , and which has not been taken up and laid down again . This growth I consider to be of a nature that might have been produced by irritation of the periosteum , and its formation would appear to have been physiologically analogous to the commonest form of callus . " The indicial and median portions of the metacarpal bear to each other much the same relation that they appear to do in other Colmbae , such as Columba and Diduncules . The distal end has two well-marked articular surfaces for as many phalanges . There is no trace of quill-marks to be seen on any of the specimens . The remaining bones of the wing are wanting . 8 . Bones of the Leg . The leg-bones of Pezophaps when compared with those of Didus show very much more strongly-developed ridges and muscular impressions , being exactly the converse of what is to be remarked of the wing-bones of the two birds . As regards massiveness they are more nearly on a par ; but in this respect the leg-bones of Didus vary considerably from one another . Generally , however , the leg-bones of Pezoplicaps are decidedly longer than those of . Didus , and the excess increases toward their extreme members . Thus while the smaller ( female 1 ) femora of Pezophaps are in many instances greatly surpassed in length by the larger ( male ? ) ones of Didus , the corresponding tibio-tarsals of the two are most generally equal , and of the tarso-metatarsals of Pezophaps only some * This variability is not likely to have been sexual . Of the two longest tibio-tarsals of Didus in our possession , that which is only very slightly ( if at all ) shorter than the other is most perceptibly and out of all proportion more slender . of the very smallest ( female 1 ) examples fall short of those of Didus , so that it is likely that even the smallest ( female ) Pezophaps stood higher on the leg than the largest ( male ? ) Didus . Comparing , however , the bones of what we imagine to have been the same sexes ( and this is , of course , the only fair mode of comparison ) it is clear that the body of Pezophaps was mounted upon legs at least some two or three inches longer than that of Didus . The principal bones of the leg having been already very minutely and correctly described by Dr. MELVILLE ( op . cit . pp. 115-119 ) and STRICKLAND ( Trans. Zool . Soc. iv . pp. ) , it seems unnecessary here to say much more about them . But there are some points to which we may perhaps advert with advantage . The femur , of which the collection contains one hundred and nineteen nearly perfect examples , has a very great general resemblance to that of Didus ; but it is of more uniform thickness , not tapering so much towards the middle or upper third . There is also in our series a total absence of the pneumatic foramen* on the inner side of the anterior ridge of the great trochanter , which is nearly always present and occasionally of large size in Didus . On the other hand there is in most cases a single good-sized and apparently pneumatic orifice on the posterior aspect of the neck of the bone , below the ridge of the articular surface which is adapted to the trochanterian prominence of the pelvis . This single orifice we have not found in Didus ; but , there , the same part is often perforated by several smaller openings of variable position . Turning to the distal extremity of the femur , the popliteal fossa in Pezophaps generally presents at least one large , and often two or three smaller pneumatic orifices , which are perhaps more distinct than in Didus . The muscular ridges and impressions are usually very strongly marked . The tibio-tarsal ( Plate XX . figs . 100 , 102 ) , of which the collection contains sixty-six specimens in a fair state , besides a vast number in a fragmentary condition , has been already minutely described by the authors above mentioned . It need therefore only be said that the inner anterior ridge at the proximal end ( which was broken off in STRICKLAND'S specimen ) is generally fully as much developed as in Didus , and in many examples is certainly thicker , but its precise form is very variable in both birds . The fibula ( Plate XX . figs . 100-103 ) , of which there are fifty-nine specimens in the collection , is very decidedly ( it might almost be said absolutely ) stouter and more massive than it is in Didus ; but owing to the extreme variability of this bone it is difficult to seize on any characters that may be considered to be more than those of the individual . Perhaps on the whole the fibula of Pezophaps has a smoother surface ; but two or three of the examples have their ridges and depressions as strongly marked as any of those of Didus which we have seen . As the tibio-tarsal is relatively longer in the former than in the latter , so is it ( as might be expected ) with the fibula . The tarso-metatarsuts , of which the collection contains one hundred and twenty-three examples in fair preservation , besides a great number of larger and smaller fragments , has already been not only elaborately described by Dr. MELVILLE and STRICKLAND ( opp . citt . ) , but also compared by them with the corresponding bone of Didus . It is accordingly unnecessary here to say more about it than to remark that the large series of specimens in our possession forbids us from coinciding in the generalization propounded by STRICKLAND ( Trans. Zool . Soc. iv . p. 196 ) as to the " inner or longest calcaneal process " in Pezophaps being considerably less developed than in Didus . This process , now regarded* as the head of the third ( anchylosed ) metatarsal , does not project posteriorly ( it is true ) so much as in Didus ; but this fact appears to us to be in consequence of the heads of the second and fourth ( anchylosed ) metatarsals being expanded laterally rather than antero-posteriorly . In like manner , and for the same reason , we are unable to confirm STRICKLAND'S generalization as to the three trochleae at the lower extremity being placed more nearly in the same vertical plane in Didus than in Pezophaps ; for in this last the large series of examples shows that the angle formed by joining the centres of the three trochleae ( of course the only mode of accurately testing the observation ) is much more obtuse in the smaller ( female ? ) specimens than in the larger ( male ? ) . In this case , if any stress is to be laid on STRICKLAND'S inference ( ut supra cit . ) , it would follow that the larger ( male ? ) examples of Pezophaps did not run so quickly as ordinary examples of Didus , while the smaller ( female ? ) attained a greater speed . The orifice of the calcaneal canal is absolutely smaller in Pezophaps than in Didus , a fact apparently arising from the greater thickening in the former of the " calcaneal processes . " For the rest we may safely leave this bone as already accurately and sufficiently described . The posterior metatarsal ( Plate XX . figs . 104 , 105 ) , of which fifteen specimens are contained in the collection , is one of the few bones we have not had the opportunity of comparing with the corresponding part of Didus . Judging , however , from the figures and a model of the celebrated Oxford specimen , it would appear to be more massive and to present a smoother surface , the furrow for lodging the flexor tendons of the hallux not being so deep , and the whole bone is less crooked . The proximal articular surface is more convex in the middle than it would appear to be in Didus ; but its lower portion is roughened just as is said to be the case there . The styloid process is much less developed than it would seem to be in Didus , and on the surface which is twisted forwards it becomes almost flush with the trochlea , so that its boundaries are not strongly defined ; on the other hand the pit on the inner extremity of the trochlea is to all appearance as deep as in Didus . Generally this bone in Pezophaps would seem to be longer , which is of course in proportion to the increased length of the lower extremities . Among the phalanges , of which the collection contains in all one hundred and fiftyspecimens , there is wanting the second and third of the inner , and the second , third , and fourth of the outer toes . The first , or proximal phalanx of the hind toe ( Plate XX . figs . 106 , 107 ) seems to be a good deal stouter relatively than it is in Didus , and the ungual segment ( Plate XX . figs . 108 , 109 ) proportionally longer . In the inner toe the proximal phalanx ( Plate XX . figs . 128-130 ) is the longest in the whole foot , whereas in Didus it would appear to be about equal in length to that of the middle toe . This ( Plate XX . figs . 116-118 ) , again , is relatively and in large ( male ) specimens absolutely longer and especially thicker than that of Didus and the next two phalanges of this toe ( Plate XX . figs . 119-124 ) are in proportion to it , but the ungual segment ( Plate XX . figs . 125-127 ) is longer than the third . Of the outer toe the first ( Plate XX . figs . ) is the shortest of the proximal phalanges of the whole foot . The other segments of this toe , except the ungual ( Plate XX . figs . 113-115 ) , are missing . This is also , like the rest of the ungual phalanges , larger and especially longer than in the single corresponding example of Didus . 9 . Skull . Of the cranial portion of the skull ( Plates XXI . figs . 139-147 , XXII . figs . 149 , 150 ) the collection includes five specimens , more or less imperfect , but all containing the foramen magnum , which , as in Didus , but not to the same extent , varies not a little in shape , one specimen ( of a male 1 ) having it much wider below than above , but in the others the upper and lower curves are more nearly alike . So also the occipital condyle is to some extent inconstant . In the ( male . ) specimen just mentioned , and in two at least of the smaller ones , it slopes gradually from its base ; but in an example of median size it rises abruptly , and on one side ( the left ) slightly overhangs its base , so that regarding it from that aspect it looks as if it were pedunculate . Three of the specimens ( Plate XXI . figs . 141 , 144 , 147 ) are sufficiently perfect to show the supraoccipital orifice , the existence of which in Pezophaps was surmised by Dr. MELVILLE ( op . i. p. 114 ) . The other small foramina and protuberances correspond singularly with those in Didus , exhibiting the same amount of individual variation . On the other hand the cranium of Pezophaps differs remarkably from that of Didus in several important features , some of which have been already pointed out by Dr. MELVILLE ( loc . cit . ) , while others will be rendered more apparent by an inspection of the accompanying figures . It is narrower and longer , entirely destitute of the peculiar frontal protuberance , and generally more compressed and less ventricose , while the orbital chambers are larger . In one respect , however , that accurate osteologist has been misled . He attributes the apparent depression of the central tract of the upper surface entirely to the stalagmitic deposit on its anterior and posterior parts in the only specimen then known . In the specimens in the present collection , which are wholly free from that deposit , this apparent depression is equally to be observed . It is due , however , to the elevation of the anterior and particularly of the posterior parts into two bony ridges of the cancellous structure which in Didus occupies the whole surface , and indeed is most prominently developed on its central portion ( Trans. Zool . Soc. vi . pl . 23 . fig . 1 ) , but in Pezophlzas does not rise in the middle to any considerable degree , and consequently leaves the exterior surface almost perfectly flat , while the posterior ridge , being continued forward on either side , a somewhat dish-like formation is given to the top of the head . The frontals rise abruptly as in Didus but , as will have been gathered from what has just been said , to a much less extent . The cranium also in this place is much compressed , the largest specimen measuring only 1-76 inch at the narrowest part between the orbits , and the interorbital septum is not so thick as in Didus , but composed of the same cancellous structure . None of the specimens are sufficiently perfect to show the entire extent of the posterior olfactory chambers , which are , as in . Didus , partially divided . At the junction of the nasals with the nasal process of the premaxillary , the proximal portion of which is not preserved in any of the specimens , the surface is extremely rugose , indicating the position of the caruncular ridge , which , from LEGUAT'S figure and description , we already knew the bird to have possessed at the base of its bill . In the upper mandible ( Plate XXII . figs . ) we have presented one of the most remarkable differences between Didus and Pezophaps . Instead of that singular characteristic of the former ( which has been duly dwelt on by previous investigators ) , the vertical enlargement and coalescence , before reaching the core of the dertrum , of the maxillary branches of the premaxillary , we have in the latter a structure much more in accordance with the normal Columbae , and presenting an appearance laterally though not from below much as in Treron . The maxillary branches of the premaxillary in Pezophaps approach each other gradually , but do not coalesce until about halfway between the commencement and extremity of the core of the dertrum , and thus they do not meet the nasal process of the premaxillary at an acute angle immediately behind the core of the dertrum , but the core of the dertrum intervenes vertically ( Plate XXII . figs . 152 , 155 , 157 ) . In other words , the axes of the nasal'process and maxillary branches in Didus are convergent , in Pezophaps divergent . There is remarkable variation in the size of the upper mandible in different individuals to the extent of very nearly one-half the linear dimensions between the largest and smallest specimens , of which the collection contains thirteen in all , some of which , however , are merely fragmentary , and the best exceedingly imperfect . No portion of the palatals is preserved . Of the lower mandible ( Plate XXII . figs . ) the collection contains thirty-four fragments , one-half belonging to the distal and the other half to the proximal end . It has not been possible to fit together with certainty any two of them so as to form a perfect ramus . To one of the dentary portions , however , part of the core of the symphysis ( Plate XXII . fig . 162 ) remains attached , and there is a second such core which is perfect though detached from both its rami . Still the exact outline of the lower as of the upper mandible must be left in some degree a matter of conjecture . Enough , however , is present to prove that it was sufficiently different in shape from that of Didus , * It is proper to observe that in the only portrait we possess of the bird , that of LEGUAT , there is no trace of this formation to be found . and still more from that of Didunculus . In the sudden vertical narrowing of the dentary in front of its junction with the surangular ( Plate XXII . fig . 160 ) Pezophaps shows a greater approach to some of the more normal Columbae , Treron for example . While in Didunculus the lower mandible sweeps on with a continuous downward curve , and in Didus it exhibits but a slight projecting angle at its splenial region ( in both cases preserving nearly the same vertical height throughout ) , in Pezophaps ( the upper edge of the whole mandible being apparently much straighter than in Didus ) the angular and surangular slope steeply down to meet the dentary , which immediately afterwards rises as steeply , thereby forming on its lower edge a salient angle altogether wanting in Didunculus and not very considerable in Didus . From this the dentary rapidly tapers till it descends to form the gonys , which is fully as much developed proportionately as in Didus , while the angle formed by the two rami at their symphysis is somewhat more acute , and thus , with the less massive proportions of the upper mandible already described , the whole bill of Pezophaps must have been very much more slender and less powerful than the formidable , not to say monstrous weapon of Didus . The various foramina for the passage of the different nerves or vessels are situated much as in Didus . This is especially noticeable in the case of the large dental canal , which opens externally nearer the upper than the lower edge , while in Didunculus it occupies a position nearly midway . The proximal portion of the lower mandible ( Plate XXII . figs . 159 , 161 ) offers further differential characters between Didus and Pezophaps . Notwithstanding the small size of the entire head in the latter , the angular and articular bones are fully as large as in the former , though neither the internal pyramidal process nor the external semilunar plate are so largely developed . The basal facet therefore assumes a very different form . Instead of presenting as in Didus the shape of a nearly isosceles triangle , the equal angles of which are subtended by the sides forming the internal process , it is in Pezophaps more equilateral ; its extreme width only slightly exceeds its height , and its nearly vertical surface is less concave . The walls of the articular surface also are much thicker absolutely , and of course still more so comparatively , in Pezophaps than in Didus , and that which supports the concave reniform tract on its outer surface thrust out as to form a much more considerable projection in place of the elongated tubercle in Didus . As if further to add to the solidity of this part of the jaw , the tract for the insertion of the external pterygoid muscle is perceptibly less deeply concave . Of the quadrate or " tympanic " ( Plate XXII . figs . ) , the collection includes nineteen specimens . We have not had any opportunity of comparing this bone in Pezophaps with the same in Didus , and the latter has not been figured separately , but only represented in situ , and consequently with some of its parts foreshortened and concealed . To judge , however , from the figures , the bone in the two birds is of much the same general form , though in Didus the angle formed by the mastoid articular segment and the orbital process seems to be more filled up than in Pezophaps , thereby making this process more slender , while in Pezophaps the mandibular condyle appears to be more elongated and transverse , and the process to which the squamosal is articulated does not project backward so far as in Didus . There is still less resemblance in the structure of this part to the same in Didunculus , where the inferior articular surface deviates , as has been already stated by Dr. MELVILLE ( op . cit . pp. 99 , 100 ) , most greatly from the normal Columbine form . In point of bulk , the quadrate of Pezophaps would seem to be nearly absolutely as large as that of Didus . The intero-posterior cavities present very considerable individual variation both in shape and extent . The remaining parts of the skull are unfortunately wanting . 10 . Comparison of the Skeleton . As the whole of the preceding description has been in a manner comparative , there remains little to be said that can be placed under this heading . Nevertheless , to preserve the uniformity of arrangement with Professor OWEN'S treatise on the Dodo , we here include such general remarks on the subject as we have to make . The most important distinctions between Pezophaps and Didus , as may be gathered from what we have already said , are on the whole such as not to remove the former further from the normal Columbae than the latter . In several respects ( of which the enormous development of the cancellous boss on the top of the head , the general form of the lower mandible , and , above all , the extreme attenuation of the coracoid in Didus may be mentioned as chief ) Pezophaps holds a middle place between that form and ordinary Pigeons . On the other hand the armature of the wing is a character equally remote from either* . We had expected to have found that Pezophaps would prove to be a link between Didus and Didunculus ; but this is not the case : the latter seems to be a perfectly distinct form , and , in our opinion , sufficiently isolated from other Columbae to be considered the type of a separate family , in which light it has before been regarded ; but at the same time this family Didunculidce must not be considered to be so aberrant as the Dididae , which we look upon as the most remotely connected of the Order COLUMBAE , consisting of three well-marked families of equal rank , ( 1 ) DIDIDAE , ( 2 ) COLUMBIDAE , and ( 3 ) DIDUNCULIDJE , the first and last of which are only related to each other by means of the second , and have no direct affinity , however much superficial resemblance there may be between the beak of Didunculus and that of Didus . The grounds on which STRICKLAND ( ' The Dodo ' & c. p. 54 ) established the genus Pezophaps , by separating it from Didus , were merely " the greater length of the legs and the less development of the beak . " The result of our investigations prove that he was amply justified in coming to this conclusion . Still we would desire to see his genus more firmly established , and accordingly we venture here to propound its characters in set phrase as follows : PEZOPHAPS , Strickland , 1848 . Genus Columbarum Didinunm . Char . gener . Rostrum mediocre , curvatum , processu nasali et ramis maxillaribus antice divergentibus . Frons plana , porca osseo-cancellata circumdata . Ossa coracoidea animals have become extinct through the agency of man ; but in nearly all the cases the history of which is sufficiently well known to us , the extirpation has been caused less by his direct than by his indirect agency . The most noticeable exceptions to this rule are perhaps those of the Gare-fowl ( Alca impennis ) * and the Northern Manatee ( Rhytina giqas ) . And while in the first of these the submersion of its chief remaining breedingstation , owing to a volcanic eruption ( and , we may presume , an accompanying earthquake ) , unquestionably was not without its influence , it does seem as if man himself actually , though unintentionally , had destroyed these two species . But with the Solitaire of Rodriguez , as with the Dodo and many other animals , it seems to us that there is no good ground for believing that they were pursued to the death of the race by man . It is far more likely that they succumbed to other forces set in motion indeed by him but without a thought of thereby accomplishing their destruction . It does not seem at all unreasonable to suppose that either or both might have survived for many years his direct attacks . They would doubtless have become more shy , and have retired to the most secluded parts of the islands they inhabited . They might even have acquired greater wariness , and been enabled in some manner to baffle his pursuit . But they had not to contend with man alone . He had allies fighting against them . In our own country we see that man has not , after many hundred years of incessant warfare , succeeded in extirpating by direct action a single species of bird . Birds of prey still exist , and in some districts in not inconsiderable numbers , in spite of the war of extermination carried on against them . In those districts where their destruction has been most nearly accomplished , it is because man has fought them with other weapons , more fatal because apparently more peaceful . It is to the plough and the draining-spade , with the changes that have followed their use over large areas , rather than to the gun or the gin that they have succumbed . The Crane and the Wild Goose have been banished from the English fens with the Harriers , and more species than we can here stay to enumerate by the simple act of bringing under cultivation by means of improved drainage the extensive tract of the " Bedford Level . " The Bustard has yielded to the driver of the horse-hoe and the maker of plantations . These have gone from us without an idea that any such effects would follow the causes employed ; nay , they have gone from us , some of them , in spite of legal protection , and therefore against the will of man . Now , so far as we are able to judge , the Solitaire of Rodriguez has been subject to no disturbances of this kind . The island seems to bear now much the same appearance as it presented to the eyes of LEGUAT , and if the popular tradition be true that forests once existed in it which were destroyed some forty or fifty years ago by fire , it seems to be certain , from GRANT'S silence in 1801 ? , that there were then no Solitaires left to perish in the flames . Some other cause of extinction must therefore be sought , and it has been already long since suggested* that Cats , turned out by the Dutch settlers may have destroyed the species 1 ' by devouring the young ones as soon as they were hatched . " That this may have been the case is quite possible ; but it seems quite as , or even more , likely that a feller enemy than the Cat may have been introduced . We mean the Hog , which we cannot but believe was the principal agent in destroying the Dodo in Mauritius , though , so far as we are aware , the efficacy of this agent of destruction has not been sufficiently appreciated by former writers . It has been always so universal a practice to liberate Pigs in countries newly discovered by Europeans that we cannot suppose any exception to have been made in the case of Rodriguez , and at almost every place where these omnivorous animals have been set free we know them to have speedily increased and multiplied , replenished the land , and in most instances to have subdued it . In every way save one , perhaps , the account given by LEGUAT of the Solitaire of Rodriguez seems to be fully borne out by a study of its osteology , so far as that can throw any light on the subject . The rugose surface at the junction of the nasal bones with the nasal process of the premaxillary indicates the position of the caruncular ridge which he likens to a " widow 's peak , " and in his figure represents at this place . The curved contour-lines of the upper and posterior part of the pelvis is quite in accordance with his statement that the " hind-part " of this bird was " roundish , like the crupper of a horse . " We can well imagine that it was a somewhat less heavy bird than the Dodo , and , judging from its longer legs , that it was capable of attaining considerable speed . The remarkable and unexpected confirmation of his description of the extraordinary knob on the wing has been already noticed a fact which alone would place him high in the ranks of truthful observers . The appearance presented bythis knob is so exactly that of diseased bone that one is led to believe that it had its origin in injuries received by the birds in such combats as are mentioned by LEGUAT , and was aggravated by a continuance of fighting-propensities transmitted from generation to generation . Other Pigeons , despite their proverbially peaceful reputation , are as much given to fighting as many other birds , and theirs is literally pugnacity , for , the majority not possessing any other weapons of attack or defence , their battles consist of a succession of cuffs and buffetings administered by the wings . LEGUAT speaks of his having witnessed the combats of his Solitaires , and it is quite possible that these engagements were occasionally even more serious than any of which he was an eye-witness , for we find in the collection a fair proportion of broken bones , broken and mended during the bird 's life . Among these are examples of the ulna ( Plate XX . fig . 135 ) , radius , and coracoid ( Plate XX . fig . 136)* . The particular in which we think LEGUAT may have erred is in the assertion ( or perhaps rather inference ) as to their monogamous habits , and the cause of the error ( if such it be ) may , we think , be ascribed , without derogation of his truthfulness or accuracy , to his anxiety to point a moral which has led him to imagine he saw what he wished to see . We think we are right in saying that most monogamous animals when they fight at all fight without regard to sex . Now in describing the combats of these birds he especially mentions that the opposite sexes would not fight with one another , but that the combatants were invariably of the same sex , and this is just what occurs in polygamous birds . However it is not always easy to decide whether a species is monogamous or the contrary . Respecting a species which has been so much studied , and of which so much has been written as the Bustard ( Otis tarda ) , it seems undecided whether it is polygamous or not , though the testimony is on the whole in favour of its occasionally being so . It is therefore not to be wondered at if LEGUAT , setting aside even his evident leaning , should have been mistaken in this particular . We venture here to reproduce some remarks on this matter , which one of us has already made . " So far as I know , none of the existing Columbae represent any remarkable sexual distinctions ? either in bulk or otherwise . As a group , the Pigeons are remarkably , and , relatively to most birds , abnormally uniform in this respect . In the species [ Pezophas ] to which the bones now exhibited belong , however , the contrary is most conspicuously the case ; and one naturally turns to seek other instances in which a species differs from most of its allies in a similar manner . Two , if not more , such instances will at once occur to every ornithologist . They are those of the Capercally ( Tetrao urogallus ) and the Great Bustard ( Otis tarda ) . In both these birds , I believe , the disproportion in size between the sexes is not greater than in the remains of the species now before the Society . But then another idea is called up : Tetrao urogallus departs from the usual habits of the Tetraonidae by being polygamous ; and ( though I am aware that the statement has been disputed ) the same is said to be the case with Otis tarda . Indeed I am inclined to suppose that with all species of birds the practice of polygamy is accompanied with more or less disproportion in the size of the sexes . Whether the converse is true I am not in a position to declare Proc . Zool . Soc. 1865 , pp. 716 , 717 . The strongest objection that seems possible to the suggestion here thrown out is in the fact recorded by LEGUAT , that the male birds of the Solitaire of Rodriguez assisted the females in the work of incubation ; but the question of its polygamy or monogamy is not likely to meet with a solution now . From the amount of variability which every portion of the skeleton of this species displays , it may not unreasonably be supposed that as much was exhibited in those parts of its structure which have perished , even if we had not LEGUAT'S direct evidence as to the individual difference in plumage among the female birds . There would accordingly have been abundant room for the operation of any such process as that which has been described under the names of " Natural Selection " and " Survival of the Fittest " to have operated ; and it may therefore appear at first sight , there having been known to us only one species of Pezophaps , that an argument against the existence of such a process might hereon be founded . A little reflection will , we think , show that such an argument would be unsound . Confined in a space so restricted as one small island , every individual of the species must have lived , moved , and had its being under conditions essentially identical in all cases . Whatever power such a process might have had of operating , there would be neither occasion nor opportunity for it so long as no change took place in the physical character of the island . But , if we venture to indulge our fancy and regard what would have been the inevitable consequences of a gradual upheaval of the land and a corresponding extension of its area until it became vastly increased , and its original low rounded hills were exalted into mountains , it is plain that a great variety of physical conditions would be thereby incurred . One side of the island would be exposed to the full force and direct influence of the trade-winds , the other side would be completely sheltered from them . The climate of these two portions would accordingly differ , and a great difference would be speedily wrought in the character of their vegetation , while that of the lofty central part would undergo a corresponding modification . After some longer or shorter period of time , we can conceive the island itself being broken up into two portions , separated from one another by a strait , such as divides the North and Middle Islands of New Zealand . This rupture would certainly tend still more to affect the existing fauna and flora , and , at the end of another epoch , there can be little doubt but the animals and plants of each portion , exposed to different influences , would present a decidedly different appearance , and the eastern and western islands ( supposing the separation to have taken place longitudinally ) might each possess its own special form of Solitaire , as the islands composing New Zealand have their peculiar species of Apteryx . But it is only in such case as that which ive have imagined that considerable modifications would be likely to be effected . It seems , therefore , to us not to be an argument against the existence of such a process as that of " Natural Selection , " but in reality an argument in its favour to find a small oceanic island tenanted by a single species , restricted in its range , which was subject to very great individual variability . Indeed a believer in this theory would , we think , be inclined to predicate that it would be under just such very circumstances that the greatest amount of variability would be certain to occur . In its original state , attacked by no enemies , its increase would be only dependent on the supply of food , which , one year with another , would most likely not vary much ; the form would continue without any predisposing cause to change , and thus no advantage would be taken of the variability of structure presented by its individuals . On the other hand , instead of speculating on what might have come to pass , it is perhaps more profitable to reflect on what certainly did take place . Of the other terrestrial members of the avifauna of Rodriguez but few now remain . A small Finch ( Foudialavicans* ) belonging to a group almost entirely confined to Madagascar and its satellite-islands , but specifically distinct , and a Warbler ( Drymaeca rodericana* ) belonging to a geuus extending to Africa and Australia , though mainly represented in India and the adjacent territories , but also specifically distinct , are the only two land-birds of its original fauna which , so far as we know , now exist . The Guinea-fowl and the Love-bird have in all probability been introduced from Madagascar* ; but the blue and green Parrots , and the slate-coloured Pigeons , of which LEGUAT speaks , have vanished with the Solitaire . The remains of one of the first , and the description of the last , leave little room to doubt but they also were closely allied to the forms found in the other Mascarene Islands and Madagascar , and thus it is clear that certainly four out of the five or six indigenous species had their natural affines in other species belonging to the same zoological province . It seems to us impossible on any other reasonable supposition than that of a common ancestry to account for this fact . We are compelled to the belief that there was once a time when Rodriguez , Mauritius , Bourbon , Madagascar , and probably the Seychelles were connected by dry land , and that that time was sufficiently remote to permit of the descendants of the original inhabitants of this now submerged continent to become modified into the many different representative forms which are now known to the ornithologist . Whether this result can have been effected by the process of " ' Natural Selection " must be regarded as an open question ; but that the Solitaire of Rodriguez and the Dodo of Mauritius , however much they eventually came to differ , sprang from one and the same parent stock , seems to us a deduction from the facts so obvious , that we can conceive no one fully acquainted with them hesitating about its adoption any more than he can doubt the existence of the POWER by whom they were thus formed . POSTSCRIPT , August 1869 . Since this paper was written a communication made some years ago to 'Notes and Queries ' ( First Series , , vol. . p. 83 , 24 July , 1852 ) by Mr. PINKERTON has attracted our attention . That gentleman refers to the account of Rodriguez , given by M. EUGENE DE FROBERVILLE in the 'Iles de l'Afrique ' of M. D'AVEZAc ( part , Paris : 1848 ) , forming a volume of the series entitled 'L'Univers , ou Histoire et Description de tous les peuples , ' & c. , wherein the writer quotes freely from a manuscript written by the Abbe PINGRE , who passed some months of the year 1761 in Rodriguez , which he visited for the purpose of observing the transit of Venus , as already mentioned by Dr. HAMEL* and STRICKLAND . As this manuscript was in existence not long prior to 1848 , there seemed a good chance of its being found , and accordingly we applied to our good friend Professor ALPHONSE MILNE-EDWARDS , requesting him to make some inquiries respecting it . With his wonted readiness he most kindly undertook the research at once , and after some little time we had the pleasure of hearing from him that the manuscript had been found in the library of Ste. Genevieve at Paris . Subsequently he was so obliging as to transcribe for us that part which relates to the zoology of the island , and from his copy the following is an extract ; " Relations du voyage de l'abbe Pingre a l'ile de Rodrigue . j* * cesse pourchasses sans pitie par les negres , et ne vivaient que dans une inquietude qui fut bientot fatale a leur propagation ; ; " and in the absence of any other evidence we shall continue to entertain the belief that the cause we have suggested in the foregoing pages was that which brought about the extinction of this species . How PINGRE and LE MONNIER elevated it to a place among the constellations has been already told by Dr. HAMEL and STRICKLAND-Sic itur ad astra ! DESCRIPTION OF THE PLATES . * Unless the contrary is stated the figures are of the natural size . PLATE XV . Figs. 1-5 . Atlas and axis ( partially anchylosed ? ) , from the side , front , behind , above and below . Figs. 6-8 . Third cervical vertebra , from the side , above and below . Figs. 9-12 . Fourth cervical vertebra , from the side , behind , above and below . Figs. 13-16 . Fifth cervical vertebra , from the side , front , above and below . Figs. 17-20 . Sixth cervical vertebra , from the side , behind , above and below . Figs. 21-23 . Seventh ( . ) cervical vertebra , from the side , above and below . Figs 24-26 . Eighth ( X ) cervical vertebra , from the side , above and below . Figs. 27-30 . Ninth cervical vertebra , from the side , front , above and below . Figs. 31-34 . Tenth cervical vertebra , from the side , behind , above and below . Figs. 35-37 . Eleventh cervical vertebra , from the side , above and below . Figs. 38-41 . Twelfth ( and last 1 ) cervical vertebra , from the side , front , above and below . Figs. 42-44 . First ( . ) dorsal vertebra , from the side , above and below . Figs. . Second ( 1 ) dorsal vertebra , from the side , above and below . Fig. 45 ( the original having been damaged on the left side ) has been drawn unreversed to preserve the continuous appearance of the series . Figs. 48-50 . Third ( ? ) dorsal vertebra , from the side , above and below . Figs. 51-55 . Three anchylosed dorsal vertebra ( fourth , fifth , and sixth 1 ) from the side , front , behind , above and below . To fig . 51 the upper portion of the corresponding dorsal ribs are shown attached . Figs. 56-59 . Penultimate ( seventh ? ) dorsal vertebra from the side , behind , above and below . PLATE XVI . Fig. 60 . The same three dorsal vertebrae as in figs . 51-55 , but from another specimen , and incompletely anchylosed ( rd ) . Fig. 61 . Left sternal rib ( seventh ' ) , outer side ( 1 . ) . Fig. 62 . Left dorsal rib ( eighth ? ) , outer side , showing marks of pressure or friction ( " ? ) . Fig. 63 . Right dorsal rib ( sixth ? ) , outer side , showing similar marks ( d ? ) . Fig. 64 . Sternal extremity of right dorsal rib ( eighth ? ) , coalescent with preceding ( seventh T ) sternal rib ( 6 ? 3 ) . Fig. 65 . Pelvis , from above ( d ? ) . PLATE XVII . Fig. 66 . Pelvis , from below ( 3 ) . Fig. 67 . The same , from before , showing anterior surface of last ( eighth ? ) dorsal vertebra . Slightly reduced . Fig. 68 . The same , from above . Fig. 69 . The same , from behind . PLATE XVIII . Fig. 70 . The same pelvis , from the side ( ? ) . Slightly reduced . Fig. 71 . Sternum , from before ( 3 ) . Fig. 72 . The same , from the side . Fig. 73 . The same , from below . Fig. 74 . The same , from above . Fig. 75 . Posterior portion of sternal keel from below ( cd ? ) . PLATE XIX . Figs. . Left coracoid , from below , front , behind and above ( d ? ) . Figs. . Left coracoid , from below , front , behind and above ( 3 ? ) . Figs. 84-86 . Left scapula , outer , lateral and inner surfaces ( d ) . Fig. 87 . Left metacarpal , upper view ( d ? ) . Figs. . Right metacarpal , front , lower and upper views ( dc ? ) . Figs. 91 , 92 . Right humerus , lower and upper views ( cd ? ) . Fig. 93 . Right ulna , upper view ( d ? ) . Figs. 94 , 95 . Right radius , upper and lower views ( ? ) . Fig. 96 . Right ulna , lower view ( c ' ) . ( From same specimen as fig . 93 . , Figs. . Right scapula , inner , lateral and outer surfaces ( d ? ) . PLATE XX . Fig. 100 . Left tibia , with fibula attached , from front ( cd ? ) . Fig. 1.01 . The same fibula , from behind . Fig. 102 . Left tibia , with fibula attached , from front ( ? 1 ) . Fig. 103 . The same fibula , from behind . Figs. 104 , 105 . Figs. 106 , 107 . Figs. 108 , 109 . Figs. . Figs. 113-115 . Figs. 116-118 . Figs. 119-121 . Figs. 122-124 . Figs. 125-127 . Figs. 128-130 . Right posterior metatarsus , from behind and outside ( ? ) . Proximal phalanx of right hallux , from above and side ( cd ? ) . Ungual phalanx of right hallux , from above and side ( d ? ) . Proximal phalanx of right outer toe , from above and from each end ( d ? ) . Ungual phalanx of right outer toe , from above , below , and side ( d c ) . Proximal phalanx of right middle toe , from above and from each end ( d 1 ) . Second phalanx of right middle toe , from above and from each end ( c ) . Third phalanx of right middle toe , from above and from each end ( d ? ) . Ungual phalanx of right middle toe , from above , below , and side ( c ? ) . Proximal phalanx of right inner toe , from above and from each end ( d ) . Fig. 131 . Right metacarpal , lower view ( d ? ) . ( From a second specimen . ) Figs. 132 , 133 . Left scapula , outer and inner surface ( $ ' ) . Fig. 134 . Right ulna , upper view , showing impressions of secondary quill-feathers ( ? ) . Fig. 135 . Left ulna , upper view , showing the same , and also mark of fracture and healing ( d6 ) . Fig. 136 . Right coracoid , side view , showing mark of fracture and healing ( d ? ) . Figs. 137 , 138 . Right radius , upper and hinder view ( d ? ) . ( From a second specimen . ) PLATE XXI . Figs. 139-141 . Cranium , from above , Figs. 142-144 . Cranium , from above , Fig. 145 . Cranium , from below ( S. ) . Fig. 146 . Cranium , from behind ( 1 ) Fig. 147 . Cranium , from behind ( c ? ) below , and behind ( ? ) . below , and behind ( cd ? ) . ( From a second specimen . ) . ( From a third specimen . ) i. ( From a second specimen . ) PLATE XXII . Fig. 148 . Left metacarpal , upper view ( ? ? ) . Fig. 149 . Cranium from the side ( 6 ? ) . ( From same specimen as figs . 142-144 . ) Fig. 150 . Cranium from the side ( 1 ) . ( From same specimen as figs . 139-141 . ) Figs. 151 , 152 . Maxilla , from below and side ( d ? ) . Fig. 153 . Dertrum , from side ( 6 ? ) . Figs. 154 , 155 . Maxilla , from side and below ( d ? ) . ( From a second specimen . ) Figs. 156-158 . Maxilla , from above , side , and below ( ) . ( Fig. 157 shows a portion of the outside of the left lower branch of the premaxillary drawn unreversed the right being injured . ) Figs. 159 , 160 . Proximal and distal portions of mandible ( possibly belonging to the same individual ) , from the side ( $ ? ) . Figs. 161 , 162 . The same , from above . Figs. . Quadrate from outside , inside , above , below behind , and front ( 6 ? ) . Fig. 169 . Sternum of Columba livia . Fig. 170 . Sternum of Didunculus strigirostris ( Mus . Coll . Reg . Chirurg . Lond . ) . Fig. 171 . Sternum of Leucosarciapicata . Fig. 172 . Sternum of Columba livia , var . domestica ( exempl . monstr . ) , Fig. 173 . Sternum of Patagitenas caribbea . Fig. 174 . Sternum of Chamcpelia trochila . Fig. 175 . Sternum of Geopelia striata . Fig. 176 . Sternum of Goura , coronata . PLATE XXIV . Fig. 177 . Skeleton of Pezophaps solitaria , from Po ( . t ) . I From photographs of the mounted front ( ? . ) . specimens ( p. 332 ) deposited in Fig. 178 . Skeleton of Pezophaps solitaria , from the Museum of the University of front ( d. ) . g.179.Te aft s. j Cambridge . Greatly reduced . Fig. 179 . The same from the side . 
An Account of some Books . 1 . FREE CONSIDERATIONS about SUBORDINATE , FORMS , by the Honourable ROBERT BOYLE . THis Tract is an Appendix to the Noble Author 's Examen of Substantial Forms , published last year , and reprinted this . There hath been already given an Account of the principal Part , as appears by Numb . II . 'Tis very fit the like should be done now of this considerable Appendix : First then it clears up and states the Doctrine about Subordinate Forms , as it is maintain 'd by divers learned Moderns , especially Sennertus , who teacheth , that besides the Specifick Form , ( so called by him ) there may reside in Animals and Plants , certain other Forms , so subject to the predominant Mistress-Form , that they deserve the Title but of Subordinate Forms , and during the Reign of the Specifick , are subservient to it ; yet when that is deposed or abolisht , these Inferiour Forms may come to set up for themselves , viz . This done , the Author tryes , whether the Phaenomena and Effects of these pretended Subordinate Forms may not be as well as the principal ones , intelligibly explicated by the Mechanical Principles , vid . Matter and Motion , and the thence resulting Shape and Texture . Which that it may be done , is so happily made out in this Tract , that a Rational Unprejudiced and Attentive Reader cannot but embrace the Author 's Doctrine , and , according to it , be satisfied , that the portions of Matter , that are endowed with these pretended Subordinate Forms , cannot pay the presumed Superintendent Form any other obedience , than some such kind of one , as the parts of a Clock or Engine may be said to yield to one another . So that the whole matter may be well conceived to be nothing but this ; That , when divers bedies of differing natures or Schematisms come to be associated so as to compose a Body of one denomination , though each of them be supposed to act according to its own peculiar nature , yet by reason of the coaptation of those parts , and the contrivement of the compounded Body , it will many times happen , that the action or effect produced , will be of a mixed nature , and differing from that , which several of the parts consider 'd as distinct Bodies or Agents , tended to , or would have perform 'd ; As when in a Ballance , by putting in a weight into one of the Scales , the opposite Scale , though as a heavy body it will naturally tend downwards , yet by vertue of the fabrick of the Instrument is made to mount upwards . So that those Actions , which Scholastical men attribute to the conspiring of subordinate Forms to assist the Specifick , are but the resultant actions of several Bodies , which being associated together , are thereby reduced in many cases to act jointly , and mutually modifie each others actions ; and that which they ascribe to the dominion of the Presiding Form , is to be imputed to the structure and connexion of the parts of the compounded body . This the Author confirms and illustrates by many very instructive Examples and Comparisons , taken from manual Arts and Practises , Physicks , Chymistry , & c , And applying his droctrine about these subordinate Forms to inanimate Bodies , he sums up the heads of all , and casts them into 9 distinct Propositions , which are 1 . The word Form is of an interminate signification . 2 . 'T is not easie , to decide the Nobleness of Forms . 3 . In divers Bodies the Form is attributed upon the account of some eminent Property or Use ; which if it be present and continue , though many other things supervene , or chance to be wanting , the matter is nevertheless lookt upon , as retaining its Form , and is wont to be allow 'd its usual denomination . 4 . By reason of the Conjunction or Connexion of the parts , that make up a whole ( or , at least an Aggregate of Bodies , that for their connexion are looked upon as such ) it willoften happen , that several things will be perform 'd by the joint or concurrent Action of these united or coherent parts . 5 . We may yet in a sound sense admit , that in some Bodies there may be subordinate Forms . 6 . The supervening of a new Form is often but accidental to the Pre-existent Form , and ( then ) does not at all destroy its nature but modifie its operations . 7 . Besides the Specifick actions of a Body , that harbours subordinate Forms , there may be divers others , wherein some of the Parts or Ingredients may act according to their particular and pristine nature . 8 . In divers Bodies , that which is call 'd or look 'd upon as the Specifick Form , is often not so much as the Presiding , but only the most eminent . 9 . The forms discoursed of , seem to be rather concurrent , than subordinate . To each of these Propositions are annexed short Comments , full of very pertinent and teaching Instances , Relations , Comparisons , & c. for which the Reader is referred to the Book it self . II . Joh . SWAMMERDAM , M.D. Amsterodamensis de RESPIRATIONE & USU PVLMONuM . THis Author is of opinion , that all those Philosophers , who have hitherto inquired into the Nature and use of Respiration , have only caught the shadow of it , nothing of the substance . And of this he gives this for the chief reason , because they have been too negligent in considering the first manifest motion of the Breast and Lungs in a Faetus ; which particular being understood he thinks it very easie to judge of the Respiration of born Animals . He scruples not to reprehend the immortal Doctor Harvey , for having excluded from the office of the Lungs the use of Refrigeration ; which he pretends to have asserted himself by most evident Experiments , and uncontroulable Reasons . To represent distinctly , what he undertakes to make out in this Tract , we may take notice of thse particulars . 1 . He takes pains to refute the Doctrine of Attraction , and to substitute in its place the Doctrine of Pulsion or Intrusion of Air into the Lungs . 2 . He endeavours to assert , that the Lungs do not fall down , but are by the Breast contracted . 3 . He affirms , to have clearly shew 'd , what is the proper function and work of the Diaphragme , and other Muscles serving for Respiration . 4 . He pretends , to have experimentally evinced the Genuine use of Respiration , and the Benefit thence resulting to the Animal Life . In short , He makes Respiration to be a Motion of the Thorax and Lungs , whereby the Air is sometimes implled by the Nose , Mouth and Wind-pipe into the Lungs ; and thence again expelled ; farther to elaborate the Blood , by Refrigerating it , and by seperating its fuliginous steams , and so raise it to its ultimate and highest perfection , for the Conservation of the Life of Animals . Notice may be taken here by the by , that this Author in his Preface promises the publishing of a Treatise about Insects , in which he ingages to shew many wonderfull things in those little and seemingly contemptible Creatures , and in particular to demonstrate to the Eye the very method and manner how a Caterpiller is transmuted into a Chrysalis or Aurelia : By performing of which , he hop eth , he shall make the Curious bear more easily the loss of Dr. Harvey 's Treatise on that Subject . III . Observations faites sur un GRAND POISON , & un LION , disseques dans la Bibliotheque du Roy a Paris , le 24 . & le 28 . Juin , 1667 , THis Great Fish , dissected by the Parisian Philosophers , was a Vulpecula Marina ( a Sea-fox : ) in which they observ 'd ; First , The length of his Tail , equalling very near the whole length of the rest of his body ( the whole Fish being 81/ 2 feet long ) and fashioned after the manner of a Sithe , bowed and turned up toward the belly . Secondly , His Mouth was armed with two sorts of Teeth ; one sort in the upper Jaw , being pointed , hard and firm , and of one only bone , in the manner of a Saw : the other sort , found in the rest of the upper , and in the whole under-Jaw , were moveable , and fastned by fleshly membranes . Thirdly , His Tongue did altogether adhere to the lower Jaw , and its skin was hard and covered with little shining points , which rendred it very rough and scabrous one way . The points viewed with a Miscroscope , appeared transparent like Chrystal . Fourthly , His Throat was very large , and the Oesophagus , as large as his Maw ; concerning which Authors say , that he hath the dexterity of disengaging himself from the swallowed hook , by casting it up together with his Maw , the inside of it turned out . They found in his Maw the Sea-herb Vdrec 5 inches long , and a Fish of the like length without head , scales , skin and guts , all being wasted but the musculous flesh , which remained entire . Fifthly , The superior part of his great Gut had this peculiar , that instead of the usual circumvolutions of Guts , the cavity of this was divided transversly by many partitions , consisting of the membranes of the Gut turned inwards , and in the figure of a Vice , like Snail-shels , or winding Stairs . Sixthly , His Spleen was double ; his Liver divided into two Lobes ; the Gall found to have more of bitter than sower : the Heart , without a Pericardium , as big as a Hens egge ; the Head almost nothing but a mass of flesh , very little Brains in it , and that which was there , having very few meanders or windings:the Eyes , bigger than those of an Ox , only half-spherical , flat before ; the Sclerotica formed like a Cup , very thin , but very hard ; the Cornea very tender and soft ; the Chrystallin perfectly spherical ; the Vaea grayish ; the Chorodies of the same colour and pierced , for the production of the Retina , by a very large hole : the bottom of this Chorodies had that lustre of Mother of Pearl , which is found in Terrestrial Animals , but with less vivid colours : and the Retina was also streaked with very apparent sanguineous Vessels . The observables in the Lyon were , In General , that for outward shape , and the constitution of many parts , as the Claws , Teeth , Eyes , Tongue , ( besides the likeness of the Viscera ) a Lyon resembles very much a Cat . In particular , an admirable structure of his Claws ; a peculiar shape and position of his Teeth ; a very stiff Neck ; a mighty rough and sharp Tongue , having points like claws both for hardness and shape , Eyes very clear and bright , even after death , which without closing the Eye-lids , Lyons can cover with a thick and blackish membrane , placed towards the great Angle , which by rising it self and reaching towards the small Angle , can extend it self over the whole Cornea , as tis in Birds , but especially in Catts : The reverse of the auterior Uvea , where it lies over the Chrystallin , is altogether black : the Chrystallin very flat , and its greatest convexity , which is not usual , in its anterior part , at tis in Cats : the Aqueous humour very plentifull , equalling almost the sixth part of the Vitreous , which plenty was judged to be the cause of the bright nels , that remains in the eyes after death . His Throat was not above an Inch and a half large the Stomach , 6 inches large , and 18 inches long : all the Guts 25 foot long : the Liver , divided into 7 Lobes , as in Cats ; its cavity under the Bladder of Gall was full of Gall , shed abroad in the substance of the Liver , and of the neighbouring parts ; which was suspected by the Physitians , administring this operation , to have been the cause of this Lyons death : the Bladder or Call was 7 inches long , and 11/ 2 inch large , of a peculiar structure : the Spleen , a foot long , 2 inches large , and 1/ 2 inch thick : the Kidney weighed somewhat above 7 ounces : the Genitals of a peculiar conformation , causing this Animal to cast his Urine backwards , and to couple like Camels and Hares . His Lungs had 6 Lobes on the right side , and 3 on the left : the Wind-pipe had its annular Cartilages entire , excepting two or three ; it was above four inches in compass , being very firme , and by this bgness and firmness enabling a Lyon , strongly to thurst Air enough through it , for his dread ful roaring . His Heart was dry , and without water in the Pericard ; much greater in proportion , than of any other Animal , between six inches long , and four inches large towards the basis , and terminating in a sharp point , It had very little flesh , and was all hollow ; the Ventricles very large ; the Auricles very small : the proportion of the branches , which the ascending Aorta casts out , was such , that the Carotids were as big , as the left Subclavial branch , and as the rest of the right Subclavial , whence they issue ; Which is considerable , seeing the Brain is so small : For the Brain was but two inches big , of any dimension ; the rest of the head being very fleshy , and consisting of very firm Bones . By comparing the little quantity of the Lyons Brain with the plenty of that of a Calf , it was Judged , that the having but little Brain is rather a mark and a cause of a fierce and cruel temper , than want of wit . Which conjecture was strengthened by the observation formerly made in the Sea-Fox , in whom almost no Brains was found , though it thought , that his craft and address hath occasioned men to give him that Name . IV . HISTORIAAMBRA E , Authore JUSTOKL OB I O , D. in Academ . Wittebergensi . THis Author reckons up 18 Opinions concerning Ambergreese , and having examined every one of them , he embraces that , which holds , That it is the Dung of a Bird , ( called in the Madagascar Tongue Aschibobuch : ) of which he gives the description out of Odarotus Barbosa and others ; who affirm it to be of the bigness of a Goose , curiously feather 'd , with a big head , well tufted . These Birds being found in great numbers in Madagascar , the Maldives , and other parts of East-Indies , are affirmed by Anthors to flock together in great numbers , as Cranes ; and frequenting high Cliffs near the Sea-side , and there voiding their Excrement , the Sea washes thence , if it fall not of it self , into it . There is another opinion among the said 18 , for which the Author hath a good inclination , but yet dares not embrace it ; viz . that 'tis the Excrement of a certain kind of Whales . If this Amber were but in those other places , where there is good store of such Whales , it seems that would make the Author relinquish the former Opinion . This puts us in mind of a Relation , to be met with in Purchas , which , giving an Account of a certain Commission for a Gentleman to go Factor into Greenland for the killing of Whales and Morses , takes notice , among other Particulars , of a sort of Whale , called Trompa , having but one Trunk on his head , whereas the Sarda , another kind of Whales , hath two . This Trompa(saith that Author ) hath teeth of a span long , and as thick as a mans Wrist , but no ~ . In his Head is the Sperma Ceti , saith he farther , and in his Entrails , the Ambergreese , being in shape and colour like Cowes-dung . Express order was given in the said Commission , that the person deputed should himself be present at the opening of this sort of Whale , and cause the residue of the said Entrails to be put in small Casks , and bring them along with him into England . This will give occasion to increase our Inquires for Greenland ; which perhaps may be inserted in the Book of the next Month . 
An Account of BOOK S. I. Osservationi Naturali , ove si contengono materie Medico-Fisiche , & c. Natural Observations , containing several Medico-Physical and Botanical Matters , with divers Natural Productions , several sorts of Phosphori , Subterraneous Fires in Italy , and other Curious Subjects , in Familiar Letters , by Signior Paul Boccone , M. D. Printed at Bononia in 120 1684 . OUR Commerce with the Italian Booksellers having been for several Years less constant , it may not be amiss to present the Reader with an Account of some of the most Curious relating chiefly to Natural History or Philosophy . I shall begin with an Abstract of this Miscellaneous Treatise of the Ingenious Boccone , written in Italian , and containing Twenty Six several Observations . The Author had formerly publisht in French Natural Enquiries and Observations on Corall Astroites , & c. at Paris , Anno 1671 . reprinted afterwards at Amsterdam in 1674 . and at Oxford his Icons and Descriptions of the rare Plants of Sicilia , & c. were Printed Anno 1674 . In the First of the Observations , contained in this Tract the Author treats of the Effects , Causes , and Preparation of the Noctiluca or Phosphorus Aerous , as it was made by the Honourable Boyle . The 2d . Obs . is of Subterraneous Fires and their Phaenomena and Cause from the Effervescence of an Acid and Alcali , with an Ethereal or Subtile Matter interposed . The 3d . Obs . is of Cures and Preservatives from the Plague , where he so much extols Vesicatories , which in the Year 1656 preserved as many as made use of them , when the Plague was very hot at Genoa . And here he Observes by the way , that the Root of Colchicum is no other ways a good Remedy in this case , than as being a sort of gentle Vesicatory , from the Acrious Particles of which it consists , and not as an Amulet , as some have supposed . In the 4th . Obs . He Discourses of the Iron Rings made of the Nail ( taken out of a Stone-Horse 's near Foot before ) by hammering only without Fire , as good for the Cramp and Giddiness , worn on the Ring-Finger , which if of any prevalency , he says it is from the Volatile Particles it received from the Horse 's Hoof , and not as any Charm . The 5th . Obs . Contains a Catalogue of Natural Effects usually attributed to Sympathy . The 6th . Obs . Treats of a Succedaneum to Crabs-Eyes , of the little Chalky Stones found on the outsides of the Scait Fish on the Pastinaca Marina , & c. The 7th . Obs . Is of several rare Plants , and some Empirick Remedies chiefly against Witchcraft . The 8th . Obs . Describes a certain Smoaking Liquor made of Mercury and Tin . The 9th . Discourses of yellow and black Amber found in divers Places of Italy , a new Discovery to most . The 10th . Obs . Is of the Bed of a certain Insect ( not unlike those with several little Cellules made by Bees or Flies in hollow Trees , or on the Leaves of Plants ) found in the midst of an Oyster-shell in Mount Marius . The 11th . Obs . Is of several Animalcules found in little shelly Tubes . The 12th . Treats of the Vertues of several Plants for divers Diseases of Beasts . The 13th . is of a certain Man that after his Wifes Death suckled his Child at his own Breasts , Anno 1633 . which he confirms by a Credible Testimony . The 14th . Obs . Gives us an Account of the several Museums or Repositories of Curiosities to be seen in Italy . The 15th . Obs . Discovers the Author 's Method thod of Preparing the Bononian Stone or Phosphorus : to which is subjoyned a Curious Observation communicated to him by Joh . Baptista Martelli , concerning Humane Urine . The 16th . Obs . Enumerates several Earthy Concrets , good for absorbing and correcting Acids . The 17th . Obs . Defends the harmless use of Antimony , much esteeming the Panacaea made of crude Antimony with fixt Nitre , described by Fr . Lana , in his Prodromus , p. 126 . The 18th . Obs . Discovers the wonderful Texture of the Root of the Perfoliata Alpina latif . min . Bauhini , made up of many Membranes curiously complicated together ; by which Signature he supposes it good for Ruptures , and the rather because another Species of Persoliata , by Chabreus called Auricula Leporis , has been used with Success in that case . The 19th . Obs . is concerning a Spring , called Pliny 's , and the River by the Inhabitants now named Torbidone ; which Fountain in April , Anno 1680 . in a quarter of an hour rise three Inches perpendicular , and sunk down again in half an hour 's time , repeating this Flood and Ebb alternately every two hours ; which Phaenomenon was observed not two days , as is usually there thought , but only a few hours before a shower of Rain . In the 20th . Obs . He shews that the Musky smell coming from some Pismires and Flies of Pisa , proceeds only from Sulphureous Particles mixt with a Volatile Salt in the Dung of those little Animals . In the 21st . He gives four Reasons why some Plants are green all the Year . 1 . From the abundance of Oily Particles , as in Tansey , & c. 2 . A more Crass and Viscous Substance , as in the Semper-vivum maj . & c. 3 . A very much interwoven texture of the Fibres of the Leaves , as in Opuntia , Aloe Americana , & c. 4 . A more hard and close outward Skin , with which the Leaves are covered , as in the Laurus Alexandrina , Box , & c. The 22th . Obs . Describes a peculiar sort of Insect , which he found on the Leaves of the Myrtus Tarentina at Rome , Anno 1678 ; they were of a grey colour , and a convex figure , like the half of an Hempseed , and by the Microscope shewed scaley or plated like the Millipedes ; being rub 'd and bruised on a Paper , they gave it a curious Purple colour , whence he conjectures they are a-kin to the Cochinille Insect , which Paulus Ammannus in Manuduct ad Materiam Med. likens to the Cimices , and says , that they are found on the Ficus Indica . In the 23d . Obs . He adds some other Reasons of the continual greenness of some Plants , which , though defended with but a thin Skin , yet resist the cold of the Winter , by reason of its being of a like texture with that of a Man 's , which the Microscope discovers , and so is capable of affording the same defence ; such are Arum , vulg . Brasica , & c. But some Plants , though of a solid texture , cannot endure the alterations of the Seasons , from the vehemence of the South Winds , and want of sufficient Moisture in themselves . In the 24th . Obs . Several Prodigious Effects of Sulphureous Exhalations in divers Parts of Italy , are related . In the 25th . Obs . He adds some more thoughts concerning the Sal Ammoniac he found on Iron-Scoria thrown up by AEtna in the Year 1669 , to those he had formerly publish 'd in Disquisit . & Observ . Physicis circa Corallium , & c. Edit . Amst . p. 47 . Answering a Question proposed by Menzelius about the Bononian Stone . Lastly , In the 26th . Obs . He asserts the great Vertue of a Mineral Bezoar found in Sicily , confirming it with the Cure of an Epidemick Fever in a Virgin of Nineteen Years old , when all other Alexipharmicks had proved unsuccessful , provoking a considerable Sweat , and throwing off the whole Cuticula ; and shews the reason of this Cure . This Ingenious Searcher into Nature , not satisfied with what he has already presented the Curious , in a Letter dated at Palermo , Decemb . 4th . 1693 . directed to the Secretary of the Royal Society , promises in a short time to Publish another Book of 250 new Plants lately gathered by himself in Sicily , graved on 120 Copper Plates ; of which the Title will be , Museo di Fisica e di Esperienze , arrichito di Figure di Piante nove , Osservazione , Note Medicinali , e Ragionamenti , secondo i Principii di Neoterici , disposito in Decade VIII . In the same Letter he tells us , that the Lychnis Pseudomelanthio similis Affricanus glaber angusti-folius , Pauli Hermans , is the same with the Lychnis Calyce duriori Bocconi Ic . & descr . Rar . Plant . The Stachis Betonicae folio subincano P. Herman . is the Horminum Spicatum Lavendulae odore Bocconi : And that these with several other rare Plants described by late Authors , are found frequently in Sicily . He likewise Proposes a new Scorbutic Plant , which from the Analogy of several external Notes and Characters he thinks may prove a very good Succedaneum , where the Cochlearia folio subrotundo Casp . Bauhini is less plentiful , viz . Thlaspi Leucoii folio latifolium platicarpos Siculum , semper virens & semper florens . This Plant having a very biting taste , a thick leaf , and smell like the Cochlearia , confirms his Conjecture , besides the Generical Note of the Seed , the most certain Indication , and sure Guide to discover the Qualities of unknown Plants , according to Fabius Columna , and Andreas Caesalpinus . This he submits to the Tryal of Physicians ; observing that they choose out amongst the several Species of the Anagallis aquatica that called Anag . aqu . maj . folio subrotundo , C. B. Pin . possibly because of the Saline , Nitrous , and Acid Volatile Particles found in its Leaves , which abound also in Scurvy-grass , and this Sicilian Thlaspi . II Lezioni intorno alla Natura delle Mosette , & c. Discourses concerning the Nature of Damps , by Leonardus Capuanus , a Member of the Academy of the Investigantes . Naples , in 4 to . 1683 . IN the Preface to this Treatise , the Son , who is the Publisher thereof , gives us the History of the Beginning and Fate of the Academy of the Investigantes , whereof his Father , the Author of this Book , was one , in short , thus : Marquess Andreas Concubletti , after the Example of the Royal and Florentine Societies , invited the Learned Men of Naples to meet on certain days at his House to Discourse of and to Cultivate Learning and Knowledge ; these assumed the Name of Investigantes , with an Hound for their Impress , and Lucretius 's word , Vestigia lustrat , for their Motto . Scarce had this Society met four or five times , from which some promised themselves great Matters , but it was again broken in pieces , by the removal of the chief Person under whose Protection they met . It was more than Twenty Years before this Piece , containing some of the Lectures made in that Assembly , were publish 'd in Memory of the being of such a Society , and Dedicated to the Queen of Sweden . In the first of these the Author enumerates the chief Places that formerly , or at this day exhale a noxious Vapour , treating largely of the Caves and Lakes near Naples , Puzzuoli , Baiae , and Cumae , making the Lake Avernus differ from these Damps , in that it is mischievous only to Birds , whereas the other are so to all Creatures . Next , he gives the Opinions of the Old and New Philosophers concerning the causes of these Damps . In the Second Lecture , supposing Life to consist in the due Fermentation of the Blood , and other Juices of the Body , he shews how necessary the Air is for the continuing of Life , both in Plants and Animals , which the former that want Lungs , do yet receive in Vessels Analogous thereto ; having shewn that a Vivifick Spirit or Aura , generated out of the Blood by the Brain , is the Principle of Motion in Animals ; and that the dilating of the Thorax in breathing depends on this Aura only , which by the direction of the Soul is sent into the Nerves of all the Members , so causing Respiration ( which he makes a voluntary Action ) and accompanies the Air , received by the Vessels , to the Blood . In the Third Lecture he Examines the several Effects of the Caves exhaling these Damps , attempting to explain their causes , viz . Lighted Torches are extinguisht by the thick and compact Mineral Exhalations which oppose the Particles giving or composing Fire , and compress them so , that they are forced to give way , and are dissipated . That in Animals these Vapours rising by little and little out of the Veins of the Earth , and united together in these Subterraneous Caverns , forcibly enter the Organs of Respiration , and either wholly conquer or drive out the Vivifick Aura , or at least so contract it , and lessen its Power , as to stop the Motion of the Blood , and indeed all other Motions , and Life it self . That deadly Lakes kill only the Birds that fly over them , by reason of the Mineral steams that from the bottom penetrating the Water , arise in a thin weakned Exhalation , and Birds requiring a more refined and purer Air than other Animals , are soonest affected by it . Then he Queries upon what Account Avernus , formerly from its deadly Quality dedicated to pluto , is now so altered , as to have been hurtless both to Fish and Birds for a long time , and subscribes to their Opinion who refer the cause to the burning of the adjacent Gaurus , now called Barbarus , and suppose that the Mortal Vapours formerly penetrating these Waters , are now burnt out . There are several Curious and Learned Particulars interspersed in this Treatise relating to Natural History , concerning several Bodies hidden in the Bowels of the Earth , nearly agreeing with those daily in our view . LONDO N : Printed for Sam . Smith , and Benj . Walford , Printers to the Royal Society , at the Prince 's Arms in St. Paul 's 
VIII . An Account of a Book , intituled , Harmonia Mensurarum , sive Analysis & Synthesis per Rationum & Angulorum mensuras promotae : accedunt alia Opuscula Mathematica : per Rogerum Cotesium . Edidit & auxit Robertus Smith , Coll . Trin . Cantab . & Reg . Soc. Socius ; Astronomiae & Experimentalis Philosoph . post Cotesium Professor . Cantabrigiae 1722 . in 4to . Prostant apud Bibliopolas Londinenses . THE Book consists of three Parts . In the first , called Logometria , the Author 's chief Design is to shew how that sort of Problems , which are usually reduced to the Quadrature of the Hyperbola and Ellipsis , may be reduced to the the Measures of Ratio 's and Angles ; and afterwards be solved more readily by the Canons of Logarithms and Sines and Tangents . He defines the Measures of Ratio 's to be quantities of any kind , whose Magnitudes are analogous to the Magnitudes of the Ratio 's to be measured . In this Sense any Canon of Logarithms is a System of numeral Measures of the Ratio 's of the absolute Numbers to an Unit : The Parts of the Asymptote of the Logistic Line , intercepted between its Ordinates , are a System of Linear Measures of the Ratio 's of those Ordinates : The Areas of an Hyperbola , intercepted between its Ordinates to the Asymptote , are a System of Plane Measures of the Ratio 's of those Ordinates : And since there may be infinite Systems of Measures according as various kinds of Quantities are made use of , such as Numbers , Time , Velocity , and the like ; or according as the Measures of any one System may be all increased or diminished in any given proportion ; in such Variety much Confusion may possibly arise as to the Kind and absolute Magnitudes of particular Measures , which happen to fall under Consideration . Our Author very happily removes this Difficulty ; by shewing that the Nature of the Subject points out the Measure of a certain immutable Ratio for a Modulus in all Systems , whereby to determine the Kind and absolute Magnitudes of all other Measures in each System . The first Proposition is to find the Measure of any proposed Ratio . This he considers in a way so simple and general , as naturally leads to the Notion and Definition of a Modulus ; namely , that it is an invariable Quantity in each System , which bears the same Proportion to the Increment of the Measure of any proposed Ratio , as the increasing Term of the Ratio bears to its own Increment . He then shews , that the Measure of any given Ratio is as the Modulus of the System , from whence it is taken : and that the Modulus in every System is always equal to the Measure of a certain determinate and immutable Ratio , which he therefore calls the Ratio Modularis . He shews that this Ratio is expressed by these Numbers 2,7182818 & c. to 1 , or by 1 to & c. So that in Briggs 's Canon the Logarithm of this Ratio is the Modulus of that System : In the Logistic Line the given Subtangent is the Modulus of that System : In the Hyperbola the given Parallelogram , contained by an Ordinate to the Asymptote and the Absciss from the Center , is the Modulus of that System : and in other Systems the Modulus is generally some remarkable Quantity . In the second Proposition he gives a concise uncommon Method for calculating Briggs 's Canon of Logarithms ; together with Rules for finding intermediate Logarithms and Numbers , even beyond the Limits of the Canon . In the 3d Proposition he constructs any System of Measures by a Canon of Logarithms ; not only when the Measure of some one Ratio is given , but also without that Datum , by seeking the Modulus of the System by the Rule abovementioned . In the 4th , 5th , and 6th Propositions he squares the Hyperbola , describes the Logistic Line and AEquiangular Spiral by a Canon of Logarithms , and shews some curious Uses of these Propositions in their Scholia . Take an easy Example of the Logometrical Method , in the common Problem for finding the Density of the Atmosphaere . Supposing Gravity uniform , every one knows , that if Altitudes are taken in any Arithmetical Progression , the Densities of the Air in those Altitudes will be in a Geometrical Progression ; that is , the Altitudes are the Measures of the Ratio 's of the Densities below and in those Altitudes , and so the difference of any two Altitudes is the Measure of the Ratio of the Densities in those Altitudes . Now to determine the absolute or real Magnitude of these Measures , the Author shews , a priori , that the Modulus of the System is the Altitude of the Atmosphaere , when reduced every where to the same Density as below . The Modulus therefore is given ( as bearing the same Proportion to the Altitude of the Mercury in the Barometer , as the specific Gravity of Mercury does to the specifick Gravity of Air ) and consequently the whole System is given . For since in all Systems the Measures of the same Ratio 's are analogous among themselves ; the Logarithm of the Ratio of the Air 's Density in any two Altitudes will be to the Modulus of the Canon , ( that is , to the Logarithm of the Ratio Modularis defined above , ) as the difference of those Altitudes is to the aforesaid given Altitude of the homogeneous Atmosphaere . He concludes the Logometria with a General Scholium , containing great Variety of elegant Constructions both Logometrical and Trigonometrical ; such as give the Length of Curves either Geometrical or Mechanical ; their Area 's and Centers of Gravity ; the Solids generated from them , and the Surfaces of these Solids ; together with several curious Problems in Natural Philosophy , concerning the Attraction of Bodies , the Density and Resistance of Fluids , and the Trajectories of Planets . Several of these Problems have two Cases ; one constructed by the Measure of a Ratio , and the other by the Measure of an Angle . The great Affinity and beautiful Harmony of the Measures in these Cases , has given occasion to the Title of the Book . The Measures of Angles are defined ( just as the Measures of Ratio 's ) to be Quantities of any Kind , whose Magnitudes are analogous to the Magnitudes of the Angles . Such may be the Arcs or Sectors of any Circle , or any other Quantities of Time , Velocity , or Resistance , analogous to the Magnitudes of the Angles . Every System of these Measures has likewise its Modulus homogeneous to the Measures in that System , Why the Author takes his Principles to be so general , will farther appear by an Instance or two . In the Problem already mentioned he measures the Ratio of the Air 's Densities in any Altitudes , by the Altitudes themselves , making use of the Altitude of an uniform Atmosphaere for the Modulus . So likewise when he considers the Velocities acquired , and the Spaces described in given Times , by a Body projected upwards or downwards in a resisting Medium with any given Velocity ; he shews , that the Times of Descent , added to a given Time , are the Measures of Ratio 's , to a given Modulus of Time , whose Terms are the Sum and Difference of the ultimate Velocity and the present Velocities that are acquired : that the Times of Ascent , taken from a given Time , are the Measures of Angles , to a given Modulus of Time , whose Radius is to their Tangents in the Ratio of the ultimate Velocity to the present Velocities : and lastly , that the Spaces described in Descent or Ascent , are the Measures of Ratio 's to a given Modulus of Space , whose Terms are the absolute accelerating and retarding Forces arising from Gravity and Resistance taken together at the Beginning and End of those Spaces . This general Account may suffice to illustrate what I am going to say ; that since the Magnitudes of Ratio 's ( as well as their Terms ) may be expounded by Quantities of any Kind , the Mathematician is at Liberty upon all Occasions to chuse those which are fittest for his Purpose ; and such are they without doubt , that are put into his Hand by the Conditions of the Problem . He may indeed represent these Quantities by an Hyperbola , or any other Logometrical System , were not his Purpose answer 'd with greater Simplicity by the very System itself , which occurs in each particular Problem . And the same may be said for the Systems of Angular Measures , instead of recurring upon all Occasions to Elliptical or Circular Area 's . As to the Convenience of calculating from our Author 's Constructions , he shews that the Measures of any Ratio 's or Angles are always computed in the same uniform Way ; by taking from the Tables the Logarithm of the Ratio , or the Number of Degrees in the Angle , and then by finding a fourth Proportional to three given Quantities ; for that will be the Measure required . The simplest Hyperbolic Area may indeed be squared by the same Operation taught in the Author 's fourth Proposition ; but the simplest Elliptic Area requires somewhat more : Those that are more complex in both Kinds ( which generally happens ) require an additional Trouble to reduce them to the simplest : to square them by infinite Series is still more operose , and does not answer the End of Geometry . Upon the whole therefore it may deserve to be considered , for what Purposes should Problems be always constructed by Conic Areas , unless it be to please or assist the Imagination . The Design of Theoretical Geometry differs from Problematical ; the former consists in the Discovery and Contemplation of the Properties and Relations of Figures for the sake of naked Truth ; but the Design of the latter is to do something proposed , and is best executed by the least Apparatus of the former . The Logometria was first published by the Author himself , in the Philosoph . Transact . of the Year 1714 . No 338 . But his Logometrical and Trigonometrical Theorems abovementioned were not published till after his Decease . These Theorems make the second Part of the Book , and are calculated to give the Fluents of Fluxions ( reduced to 18 Forms ) by Measures of Ratio 's and Angles ; in such a manner , that any Person may perfectly comprehend their Construction and Use , though altogether unacquainted with Curvilinear Figures , as expressed by AEquations . And this Circumstance does also render the Application of them to the Analysis and Construction of Problems extremely easy . Of this kind the Author has given a great many choice Examples both in abstract and physical Problems ; which make up the third and last Part of the Book . The Author , a little before his Decease has informed us ( in a Letter of May 5 . wrote to his Friend Mr. Jones ) that Geometers had not yet promoted the inverse Method of Fluxions , by Conic Areas , or by Measures of Ratio 's and Angles , so far as it is capable of being promoted by those Methods . There is an infinite Field ( says he ) still reserved , which it has been my Fortune to find an Entrance into . Not to keep you longer in Suspense , I have found out a general and beautiful Method by Measures of Ratio 's and Angles for the Fluent of any Quantity which can come under this Form in which d , e , f are any constant Quantities , z the variable , n any Index , ~ any whole Number affirmative or negative , ~ any Fraction whatever . The Fluents of this Form which have hitherto been considered are These you remember are Sir Isaac Newton 's two first , and from these all his others are easily deduced . And as his irrational Forms of the quadratick Kind are derived from the rational , so from my general rational Form I deduce irrational ones of all Kinds . For instance , if ~ represent any affirmative or negative Fraction , the Fluent of any Quantity of this Form or of this and so of some others , depends upon the Measures of Ratio 's and Angles . Mr. Leibnitz in the Leipsic Acts of 1702 , p. 218 and 219 , has very rashly undertaken to demonstrate , that the Fluent of x/ x4 + a4 cannot be expressed by Measures of Ratio 's and Angles ; and he swaggers upon the Occasion ( according to his usual Vanity ) as having by this Demonstration determined a Question of the greatest Moment . Then he goes on thus ; as the Fluent of x/ x +a depends upon the Measure of a Ratio , and the Fluent of upon theMeasure of an Angle ; so he had more than once expressed his Wishes , that the Progression may be continued , and it be determined to what Problem the Fluents of c. may be referred . His Desire is answered in my general Solution , which contains an infinite Number of such Progressions . I can go yet farther , and shew him how by Measures of Ratio 's and Angles , without any Exception or Limitation , the Fluent of this general Quantity or even this dzz~n+~n 1/ e + fzn+gz2n+hz3n may be had ; where ~ , as before , represents any Integer , and the Denominator ~ of the Fraction ~ , represents any Number in this Series , 2 . 4 . 8 . 16 . 32 . & c. any whole Number being denoted by its Numerator ~ . In truth I am inclined to believe , that Mr. Leibnitz 's grand Question ought to be determined the contrary Way ; and that it will be found at last , that the Fluent of any rational Fluxion whatever , does depend upon the Measures of Ratio 's and Angles , excepting those which may be had in finite Terms even without introducing Measures . Dr. Taylor knowing by this Letter what the Author had done , was pleased to propose the Invention of the Fluents of the two last Fluxions as a Problem to the Mathematicians in foreign Parts . Mr. Bernoulli in the Leipsic Acts of 1719 . p. 256 , did shew accordingly how they are reducible to Conic Area 's . The Editor has published the Author 's own Solution by Measures of Ratio 's and Angles ; and upon this Foundation has constructed new Tables of Logometrical and Trigonometrical Theorems , for the Fluents of Fluxions reduced to 94 Forms , part rational and part irrational . He has likewise added general Notes upon the chief Difficulties in the Book , together with a Method of composing Synthetical Demonstrations of Logometrical and Trigonometrical Constructions , illustrated by various Examples . The first Treatise in the Miscellaneous Works is concerning the Estimation of Errors in Mixt Mathematicks . It consists of 28 Theorems , to determine the Proportions among the least contemporary Variations of the Sides and Angles of Plane and Sphaerical Triangles , while any two of them remain invariable . An Example will shew their great Use in Astronomy . The Time of the Day or Night is frequently to be determined by the Altitude of some Star . Let it then be proposed to find the Error , that may arise in the Time , from any given Error in taking the Altitude . By applying the 22d Theorem to the Triangle form 'd by the Complements of the Star 's Altitude and Declination and by the Complement of the Pole 's Elevation , the Author shews , that the Variation of the Angle at the Pole , and consequently the Error in Time , will be as the Error in the Altitude directly , as the Sine Complement of the Pole 's Elevation inversely , and as the Sine of the Star 's Azimuth from the Meridian inversely . Consequently , if the Error in the Altitude be given , under a given Elevation of the Pole , the Error in Time will be reciprocally as the Sine of the Azimuth contained by the Meridian and the Vertical which the Star is in . This Error therefore will be the same , whatever be the Altitude of the Star in the same Vertical ; and will be least when the Vertical is at right Angles to the Meridian . But will be absolutely the least in the same Circumstance , if the Observer be under the AEquator . In which Case , if the Error in the Altitude be one Minute , the Error in the Time will be four Seconds , If the Observer recedes from the AEquator towards either Pole , the Error will be increased in the Proportion of the Radius to the Sine Complement of the Latitude : So that in the Latitude of 45 Degrees it will be 52/ 3 Seconds , and in the Latitudes of 50 and 55 it will be 62/ 9 and 63/ 37/ 8 Seconds respectively . If the Star be in any other vertical Oblique to the Meridian , the Error will still be increased in the Proportion of the Radius to the Sine of that oblique Angle . Lastly , if the Error in the Altitude be either bigger or less than one Minute , the Error in Time will be bigger or less in the same Proportion . Much after the same manner may the Limits of Errors be computed in otherCases , which arise from the Inaccuracy of Observations , and from hence the most convenient Opportunities for observing are also determined . The Second Treatise is concerning the Differential Method . The Author having wrote it , before he had seen Sir Isaac Newton 's Treatise upon that Subject , has handled it after a manner somewhat different . The Title of the Third Treatise is Canonotechnia or concerning the Construction of Tables by Differences . It consists of ten Propositions , most admirably contrived for expeditious Computation of intermediate Terms in any given Series . The last Proposition , which contains a general Solution of the whole Design , is this ; Datis seriei cujuscunque terminis aliquot aequidistantibus , quorum intervalla secanda sunt in aequales quotlibetcunq ; partes , propositum sit invenire terminos inter serendos . The Book concludes with three small Tracts , concerning the Descent of Bodies , the Motion of Pendulums in the Cycloid , and the Motion of Projectiles , composed in a very natural and easy manner . The Author has wrote some other Pieces , yet unpublish 'd , which the Editor has given an Account of in his Preface to the Book . The Reader will find every Subject treated with uncommon Elegance and Simplicity . FINIS . LONDON : Printed for W. and J. Innys , Printers to the Royal Society , at the Prince 's Arms the West End of St. Paul 's Churchyard . 
II . An Account of a Book , intitled , P. D. Pauli Frisii Mediolanensis , & c. Disquisitio mathematica in causam physicam figurae et magnitudinis Telluris nostrae ; printed at Milan in 1752 . inscribed to the Count de Sylva , and consisting of Ten Sheets and a half in Quarto : By Mr. J. Short , F. R. S. IT may be laid down as a rule in mix 'd mathematics , ` ` That the determination of no physical quantity be carried farther than the observations , or other mechanical measures , can bear ; ' ' lest there follow this incongruity , of the conclusion being more extensive than the premises . It were absurd , for instance , in the resolution of a triangle , to compute an angle to the exactness of seconds , or a side to centesms of an inch , when , perhaps , the instruments used can measure no angle less than 10 minutes , or a side but to the exactness of a foot The conclusions of arithmetic and geometry are indeed rigorously true , but they are only hypothetical ; and whenever the quantities , that enter any practical question , cannot be measured , but within certain limits , it were in vain to look for an answer perfectly accurate . The error of the instrument becomes itself one of the data ; and we must content ourselves to find the limits , which the quantity sought cannot well exceed , or fall short of , by such rules , as the great Mr. Cotes has left us in his excellent treatise on the subject . 2 . In like manner , when any physical theory is deduced from observations , its accuracy will still be in proportion to that of the observations , on which it is founded . Sir Isaac Newton , we find , in computing the ratio of the earth 's axis to its equatorial diameter , confines himself to a reasonable approximation , and to three places of figures ( 229 to 230 ) ; because , whether that ratio is deduced from the different lengths of isochronous pendulums in different latitudes , from the measurement of distant degrees of a meridian , or from both ; the elements of the calculus can scarcely furnish a greater degree of exactness . And of the same judicious caution we have many other examples in the works of that incomparable author . 3 . On the other hand , when observations and theories are brought together , and compared , nothing can be justly inferred against a theory from its disagreement with the observations , unless that disagreement is greater , than can be fairly imputed to the imperfection of instruments , and to the unavoidable mistakes of an observer ; especially , if the difference should be sometimes in excess , and at other times in defect ; or , according to some of the observations , should intirely vanish . 4 . Altho ' these rules , manifestly well-founded , have been followed by all the best writers , our author observes , that several ingenious men , both in France , and in Italy , have deviated from them ; particularly in treating of the famous question concerning the figure of the earth . Some , with Messieurs Clairaut and Bouguer , attributing too much to the observations , that have been made , and taking them for absolutely exact , have concluded Sir Isaac Newton 's reasonings on that subject to be faulty ; while Father Boscowic , a Jesuit at Rome , making them quite loose and uncertain , thinks no argument at all can be drawn from them , concerning the earth 's figure ; far less in confirmation of the Newtonian theory . 5 . In opposition to these two extremes , equally contrary to reason , as they are to each other , F. Frisi writes the treatise now before us ; in the introduction to which he shews , 1 . That , altho ' the ratio of the axis of the earth to its equatorial diameter is , from M. de Maupertuis 's operations in Lapland , and afterwards in France , that of 177 to 178 ; and by the theory only 229 to 230 ; yet the difference is no more , than what might arise from a mistake of about 60 toises in the measure of either of the two degrees , that are compared , or of 30 toises in each of them . Or , suppose the measure of the arcs to be exact , the same difference might be owing to an error of 4 or 5 seconds in the astronomical part . And such errors , or others equivalent to them , in a course of so many combined operations , our author looks upon as difficult to be avoided . But he adds , if the observations of M. de Maupertuis , and his fellow academicians , seem to differ from the theory , those of Messieurs Bouguer and de la Condamine exactly agree with it : According to whom , a degree at the equator , containing toises , and in latitude 49~ 22~ 57183 toises , the difference of the axis and equatorial diameter comes out to be 1/ 229 . 6 . In answer to F. Boscowic , and those who make no account of the observations , our author allows , that , if they were such , as M. Cassini , and some other academicians , made in France , of the measure of a parallel of latitude , they could not be much depended on ; that method being liable to several obvious inconveniencies . But he insists , that , with the excellent instruments , which were used , and , considering the distinguished skill of the observers , as well at the polar circle as in France , and at the equator , the error upon one degree of the meridian could not exceed 60 or 70 toises ; which is a degree of exactness not only sufficient for the determination of the first question , viz . whether the spheroid of the earth is flat or long ; but likewise to found an agreement between the observations and the theory , as near as can be expected or desired . 7 . The work itself is divided into ten chapters : I. De observationibus circa telluris figuram hactenus institutis . II . De principiis et hypothesibus quibusdam . III . De rotatione corporum , et vi centrifuga . IV . De mutationibus ex motu circulari ortis . V. De attractione corporum rotundorum . VI . De comparatione gravitatis in variis homogeneae sphaeroidis locis . VII . De figura terrae . VIII . De gradibus meridiani et parallelorum . IX . De loxodromiis nautarum , de parallaxi lunae , et aliis ex eadem theoria pendentibus . X. De theoriae et observationum consensu . 8 . In chap . 1 . we have a short history of the inquiries , that have been made into the magnitude and figure figure of the earth down to the present times ; and the preference is justly given to the measurements of Mr. Norwood in England , A. D. 1635 , and of the members of the French Academy of Sciences since that time . From these he gathers , that , within less than 60 or 70 toises , the lengths of a degree of the meridian are as follows . Chap . II . contains an account of the principles , on which this theory is founded ; viz . the universal gravitation of matter , and the diurnal rotation of the earth . Our author mentions likewise the hypothesis of the earth 's being originally in a fluid state ; but rejects it as precarious and improbable . He allows however , that , with regard to the present question , it is all one whether it was first a fluid or not , seeing the ocean is circumfused just in the same manner , and to the same altitude , as if the whole was still a fluid . 10 . Chap . III . and IV . are employed in the doctrine of centrifugal forces , and their effect in changing a fluid sphere into the form of an oblate spheroid . In the former of these chapters , the author resolves , as usual , the centrifugal force of a particle into two others ; one , that acts directly contrary to the gravitation of the particle ; and the other a force in a direction perpendicular to it . And this last he considers again as acting laterally upon the contiguous particles impelling them towards the equator . But the quantity of this force , when greatest at the octant , he computes to be only 1/ 6 of the force of gravity ; and therefore , says he , it may be safely neglected . The truth is , after the spheroid is come to be in a permanent state , and all its parts in aequilibrio , there is no longer any such lateral force at all ; it being now intirely satisfied by the gradual contraction of the earth 's axis . 11 . The general contents of the following chapters are sufficiently expressed in their titles already given . Nor can we be more particular , without entering into a detail of algebraical operations , which would be improper for this place ; and which is the less necessary , as the same things have been treated of by several other authors . This does not , however , in the least detract from the merit of F. Frisi ; who discovers throughout this work much acuteness and skill , joined with all the candor and ingenuity , that become a philosopher . And as he has not yet exceeded his 23d year , it may be expected , that the sciences will one day be greatly indebted to him ; especially as we find him actually engaged in composing a complete body of physicomathematical learning . 12 . There is only , in his VI . Chapter , a criticism upon one of Sir Isaac Newton 's demonstrations , in which we cannot agree with this ingenious author . And as this demonstration has proved a stumblingblock , not only to F. Frisi , but to many other learned men , we shall be obliged to consider that part of it , which has been mistaken , at some length , by the help of the following scheme : In which let the ellipsis ApBqA , whose axes AB , pq , are in any given ratio , as of m to n , have the circles apbq , and APBQ , inscribed and circumscribed to it : And if the figure revolves on the axis PQ , there will be generated an oblate spheroid ApBqA , with two spheres , the greater circumscribed to the spheroid , and touching it in its equator AP A , and the lesser inscribed and touching it in the poles pq ; the solid content of the spheroid being the first of the two mean proportionals between the solidity of the exterior sphere , and that of the interior . But if the figure revolves on the axis AB , there will be generated a prolate spheroid ApBqA , inscribed in the exterior sphere at the poles AB ; and circum~ scribing the interior sphere at the equator pqp , its solidity being the second of the above mean proportionals . So that if O and P stand for the solidities of the oblate and prolate spheroids , and S , s , for the two spheres ; S : O : P : s~ are in the continued proportion of Or we may with Sir Isaac Newton conceive of the genesis of these solids as follows . 1 . Let the sphere APBQ be uniformly compressed in the direction of its axis PQ , till that axis is diminished to pq , and the sphere changed into the oblate spheroid . 2 . Let this spheroid be equally compressed in the direction of that diameter of its equator , which is perpendicular to pq and AB , or to the plane of the figure ; and it will degenerate into the prolate spheroid , whose poles are A and B. 3 . Let this last be compressed in the direction of its axis AB , till it is changed into the sphere apbq and , in each of these compressions , the solid space , which the body contains will be diminished in the ratio of m to n. Now , as the determination of the earth 's figure depends not only upon that of the ratio of the centrifugal force , by which a body tends to recede from the axis of rotation to the power of gravity ; but likewise , upon the decrement of gravitation arising from the body 's being in that rotation actually removed to a greater distance from the centre : it is not enough , that we know , from the experiments with pendulums , the centrifugal force at the equator to be about 1/ 280 of the force of gravity . We need , farther , two distinct propositions ; one to determine the attractive force of a spheroid at its pole ; and the other to determine its attraction at the equator . The first of these we have in Princip . lib . 1 . prop . 91 . and the second has been supplied by several authors . But Sir Isaac , who seldom does any thing in vain , found , that he could , by one of his artifices , make that 9 1st proposition serve likewise to determine the attraction at the equator , by the following argument : Let G be the attraction of the exterior sphere at A ; and let the decrement of the attraction , when the sphere is diminished into the oblate spheroid , be d ; and ~ the decrement of this last attraction , when the oblate spheroid is.diminished into the prolate , whose poles are AB : then , I say , d is nearly equal to ~ ; the difference of the axes of the generating ellipse being small . For the attractive matter , that is taken away , has , in both cases , the same ratio to the matter , that is left ; and its position , with respect to that which is left , is , in both cases , nearly the same : And therefore the successive attractions will be nearly in continued proportion . Or multiplying and rejecting d2 as inconsiderable . Thus , if the attractions of the sphere APBQ , and of the prolate spheroid , at its pole A , be 126 and 125 respectively ; the attraction of the intermediate oblate spheroid at its equator will be 1251/ 2 : and how nearly this approaches to the truth , may be seen from an exact computation of those attractions . For , if the axes of the generating ellipse be 101 and 100 , and the attractive force at the surface of the sphere 126 ; the attraction at the pole of the prolate spheroid will be 124.9838 ; and that at the equator of the oblate 125.5077 ; which exceeds the arithmetical mean between the two former , only by.0068 ; that is , by about 1/ 18410th part of the attraction of the oblate spheroid at the equator . This reasoning is more shortly expressed ( Princip . lib . iii . Prop. 19 . ) as follows : In which the expression ` ` eadem ratione ' ' occurring a second time has misled F. Frisi and others , to think this last ratio to be likewise that of the axes , or of 101 to 100 : Whereas the identity of ratio 's here asserted is to be referred only to the words ` ` utroque casu ; ' ' the ratio itself being not that of the axes , or of m to n ; but the half of that ratio ( whatever it is found to be by Prop. 91 . lib . i. ) which the attraction of the sphere has to the polar attraction of the inscribed spheroid . This inadvertence , however , of his own F. Frisi charges upon Sir Isaac Newton ; and files it up , as the sixth of the errors , which he says have been discovered in the Principia ... . ` ` Ita dum stabilitae in 19 lib . iii . propositione terrestrium axium proportionis portionis fulcimentum et patrocinium quaerimus , aliud in propositione eadem sophisma sese offert , quod eorum , quae in principiis mathematicis Newtoni nacta ( i. e. detecta ) sunt hactenus , sextum est , & c. ' ' But we may take it off the file again ; and , for the present , leave the other five , till they are considered of at more leisure . 13 . In his 10th and last chapter , our author sums up the evidence , and finds , that all the good observations , that have been made , as well by pendulums , as by actual mensuration , concur with the theory , in making the ratio of the earth 's axis and equatorial diameter to be as 229 to 230 . This is indeed a sufficient confirmation of the theory of gravitation : But it must be observed , that the coincidence is not perhaps quite so perfect as F. Frisi imagines . That ratio corresponds well enough to the exactness , to which the first elements of the calculus can be obtained ; the length of a second pendulum , and that of the earth 's equatorial diameter , from which the centrifugal force ( 1/ 289 ) is deduced . But , if we suppose that force to be accurately 1/ 289 , and compute more rigorously , we shall find the ratio in question to be very nearly that of 225 to 226 ; agreeing still with the observations as well as can be desired ; and shewing , at the same time , the inimitable art of Sir Isaac Newton in the contrivance and use of approximations ; seeing the strictest calculation raises the equator not the third part of a mean geographical mile above what he had found by his method . I sent F. Frisi 's book to my ingenious and learned friend the reverend Mr. Murdock , Fellow of this Society , who has fully consider 'd the question concerning cerning the figure of the earth ; and who , after having perused the book , and discover 'd the above mistake of F. Frisi , sent me the above theorem , and its demonstration . He likewise sent me the following theorems , which , he says , he had communicated to M. de Bremond , in the year 1740 , when he was translating his treatise on sailing : But M. de Bremond dying soon after , those , who had the care of publishing the translation , printed it incorrect in several places ; particularly the theorems for the prolate spheroid : On which account , he says , if they are thought worth preserving , they may be inserted in the Philophical Transactions . Postscript . Theorems for computing the ratio of the attractive force of a spheroid , at its pole or equator , to that of the inscribed or circumscribed sphere . 1 . In an oblate spheroid , the ratio is , Pole 1+ 1/ m2-1 m2/ m2-1~3/ 2 X A : 1/ 3 Equator m2/ m2-1~3/ 2 XA 1/ m2-1 : 2/ 3 2 . In a prolate spheroid , the ratio is , Pole 1 m2/ m2-1 + m/ m2-1~3/ 2 X l : 1/ 3 Equator m2/ m2-1 m/ m2-1~3/ ~ X l : ~/ 3 In which m : 1 , as the greater axis of the generating ellipse is to the lesser . A is a circular arc , to the radius 1 , whose tangent is , or its reciprocal , if . And is the natural logarithm of S/ V , S being the sine of the arc , whose co-sine is 1/ m x , and V the versed sine of the same arc . Note , The two first theorems , by substituting t for , coincide with those of Mr. Maclaurin for the oblate spheroid , in his dissertation on the 
LXXIX . An Account of a Work , intituled , Jacobi Christiani Schaeffer icones et descriptio Fungorum quorundam singularium et memorabilium ; simul Fungorum Bavariae icones nativis coloribus expressae editioni , jam paratae , propediem evulgandae , denunciantur ; by Mr. William Hudson , F. R. S. THIS treatise consists of sixteen pages , and is divided into two parts ; the first contains the figures and descriptions of some singular and remarkable Fungi ; the second contains proposals for publishing the figures of all the Fungi growing in Bavaria , coloured after nature . The title page farther sets forth , that the materials for this work are already provided , and that it is carried on under the direction , and at the expence , of the Electoral Academy at Munich in Bavaria . Read March 25 , 1762 . The author begins , by saying , that as it fell to his lot , to inform the public , that the edition of this most useful work , which was promised last year , was actually begun ; but he could not prevail on himself to conform to the plain method commonly used on these occasions ; thinking it would be more acceptable to the public , if he prefixed something of a new and singular nature to the proposals ; to which purpose , nothing could be better adapted , as it seemed to him , than coloured figures , and descriptions of some remarkable Fungi , which had lately fallen in his way . These were selected from a number of others , and , according to him , serve to illustrate and confirm an hypothesis he had adopted , and by which the existence of seeds , and consequently the propagation of the Fungi , are rendered doubtful . The Fungi , which he has given figures of , and which he uses to confirm his opinion , are certainly very irregular , and perhaps not easy to be accounted for . In the three first of them , more than one Fungus grows from one common base , or stem ; and what seems extraordinary to the author is , that part of the base of one of the Fungi does not touch the ground , but rests on the pileus , or cap of the other , and consequently cannot receive from the ground what is necessary for its rise , evolution , and nourishment . I must own , I do not see the force of this argument ; for why may not one common stem , the bottom of which is fixed in the ground , give nourishment to each of the Fungi , though part of the stem of one rests upon the pileus of the other ? Does not common experience prove , that nourishment can be conveyed through imperfect branches , even when such parts as would be judged , at first sight , to be necessary to convey the nutritive pieces are wanting ? This is the case of trees , when all the bark is stript off quite round a branch , and yet that branch shall bear flowers and fruit , in great quantity . The fourth figure exhibits two Fungi , out of the pileus of which grows another complete Fungus , with stem , pileus , and lamellae , of the same kind with the lower one , in every respect . However extraordinary this may be , yet it seems by no means to prove prove his hypothesis , or even suggest any reason for a new one , about the propagation of the Fungi ; for why may not the cap of the Fungus afford as proper a bed for a seed , that happens to be lodged there , as the earth itself ? We know that a birch tree has often been found growing out of the head of an oak , yet no one suspects from thence , that the birch is propagated without seed . Our author , indeed , seems to be sensible himself of the insufficiency of his arguments , hitherto made use of , to prove his new hypothesis , and suspects , he says , had he nothing more to produce in its favour , people might be apt to make objections ; but luckily he has two other Fungi , that will serve his purpose better , which are represented by figure the fifth and last . In these the edges of the pileus of one Fungus adheres only to the upper surface of the pileus of another , and receives thence all its nourishment . Now , though it may be difficult to account for this strange position , yet , I think , the consequence our author draws from it does not follow , viz . that Fungi differ from other plants , as to propagation , and in some other respects . As to propagation , the same answer will serve , that was made use of above ; and what farther particulars , in this instance , deserve notice , will be considered , when I come to my observations on the corollaries he draws from all the Fungi represented in his book . The corollaries are as follow : Corol . 1st , That the mode of rise , evolution , increment , and propagation , of Fungi , must be of a peculiar kind , and totally different from that which prevails in other kinds of plants . Corol . 2d , That what from the analogy of the other plants is called the seed , of the Fungi cannot properly be called seed . Corol . 3d , That there must be such a similarity in all the parts of the Fungi , that it is indifferent whether any part be placed above or below , whether it communicates or receives nourishment . Lastly , That every Fungus , according to his hypothesis , is contained in an entire and perfect state from the beginning , in every egg , or , as it is called , its seed , and wants nothing but evolution , to imbibe the necessary juices . These are the corollaries our author draws ; and , for a farther confirmation of his doctrine , refers to a treatise expresly written on this subject , in which , he says , he has made use of such strong arguments , that it would be quite needless to add any thing more in this place . Had I an opportunity of perusing this treatise , it is possible I might find reason to agree with him ; but his arguments must be quite of another nature , than what appears here , to make me think these plants exempt from the common laws of vegetables . For , as to the supposed difference in regard to rise , evolution , increment , and propagation , which is his first corollary , it has been considered already in part , and will be more fully considered , when I come to his third corollary . As to the second , viz . That what , from analogy , is called the seed , of the Fungi cannot properly be called seed . I must own , I cannot see the least foundation for any distinction between the seeds and eggs of plants , the latter of which terms , he thinks , ought to be used , when we speak of the Fungi : for those terms are perfectly analogous , by the confession of all the nicest observers of nature ; and what is called the egg in animals , goes under the name of seed in vegetables . Thus Linnaeus says , Philosophia Botanica , p. 88 . every living thing comes from an egg ; consequently , all vegetables , whose seeds appear to be eggs from their final cause , which is to produce an offspring . He then cites a passage from our Harvey , to the same purpose . Our author seems to have been led into this confusion of ideas , by the improper use of the word semen , or seed , which is applied to the impregnating juice in animals , and to the parts which contain the embryo in vegetables , which are by no means analogous : for the impregnating dust in vegetables , answers to the impregnating juice in animals , as it has a similar use ; and the eggs in animals answer to what we call seeds in plants . When our author asserts , in the third corollary , that there must be such a similarity in all the parts of the Fungi , that it is indifferent whether any part be placed above or below , whether it communicates or receives nourishment , I suppose he draws this corollary from the fifth and sixth Fungus ; for in those , the upper Fungus adheres only to the edge of the cap , or pileus , of the upper surface of the cap of the lower Fungus . The answer to this case , which was before omitted , shall now be made ; nor is it at all difficult , for it appears , by Dr. Hales 's vegetable Statics , experiment the 41 , fig . 24 . that a tree inarched between two other trees , though its root be cut off , or dug out of the ground , will continue to grow ; and that many trees will grow in an inverted state . In what respect , then , do Fungi differ from all other plants , as to the similarity in all the parts , & c. ? Lastly , when our author asserts , That every Fungus is contained in an entire and perfect state from the beginning , in the egg , or , as it is called , the seed , and wants nothing but evolution , in order to imbibe the necessary juices ; when our author asserts this , he asserts nothing but what will be readily granted by every one , who has read the observations made by modern philosophers , on this part of nature , and the only difference between him and others is , that he confines himself to one order of plants , what they imagine , from good reason , to be the case of all ; and this seems likewise to be the case throughout the animal creation , with this difference only , that , in some animals , some parts fall off entirely , after a certain time , and a new form ensues ; yet even here , all the forms preceding the last may , and perhaps ought , as has been observed by Linnaeus , to be looked upon as embryo states . Upon the whole , I think our author seems inclined to invent a new hypothesis , from a few insufficient data , rather than to be forced into it by any leading phaenomena , which ought to be very strong and convincing , to make us give up an analogy , that is confined within such moderate bounds . However , this ought not to prejudice us in relation to the latter part of this work ; on the contrary , it ought to give us a favourable opinion of him , as it shews his zeal and application to this part of natural history . A man may be an excellent and useful observer , and yet be a very indifferent natural philosopher . I come now to the second part , which contains the proposals , and with the greater pleasure , as , at the same time that it affords no opportunity for criticism , it gives us hopes of seeing a very useful work , on one of the most obscure parts of botany . The author observes , that the Electoral Academy at Munich , from its first institution , determined to turn their thoughts particularly to this part of natural history , which , hitherto , has been but indifferently cultivated ; and , in consequence of this determination , the present method proposed to them was approved of . He adds , that the year before last , viz . 1760 , though the drought was very great , they not only had an accession of above an hundred Fungi , but that plates of them were entirely finished , both as to engraving and colouring , and fit to be published . The circumstances and method of proceeding in this work , are as follow , and will , as the author assures the public , be strictly and religiously observed . ~ 1 . They will begin by publishing the different species of Fungi , engraved and coloured according to the specimen in these proposals ; with which the public will have reason to be satisfied . While these are publishing , they will be looking out after other Fungi , that may grow in Bavaria . ~ 2 . These plates , when completed , will make a separate volume , intituled , Jacobi Christiani Schaeffer Fungorum Bavariae , potissimum qui circa Ratisbonam nascuntur , icones , auspiciis et impensis Academiae Electoralis Bavariae Monacensis accurate delineatae , et publici juris factae . This volume may be useful , without the other volumes , of which hereafter . ~ 3 . There will be no plates of the Fungi , but such as have been examined from the first growth , and , if possible , from the egg , or seed , as it is called . ~ 4 . There will be at least the following primary figures of every kind of Fungi ; viz . The Fungus before it is unfolded . 2 . When it is half perfect , or half grown . 3 . Its characteristic appearance . 4 . its dissection . Lastly , whenever it may be necessary , In its decaying state . ~ 5 . Besides these primary figures , there will be added as many secondary ones , as there are changes , which may render a Fungus dubious ; and the author foresees , that sometimes one species may require two , three , or four plates . ~ 6 . The plates will be all engraved by able artists , and well coloured . ~ 7 . All the parts serving for propagation will be represented , both according to their natural appearances , and also magnified . ~ 8 . Whenever it may be necessary , figures representing particular parts dissected will be made use of , both of the natural bigness , and as seen through the glass . ~ 9 . In all the names and division of the genera , Linnaeus alone will be followed . ~ 10 . To give a greater variety to the work , in its progress , sometimes the species of one genus will be published , sometimes of another ; but yet in such a manner , that order will not be totally neglected . ~ 11 . No order will be observed , either in the species or in the individuals . No specific names , or synonyms , will be given ; instead of which , they will be numbered according to each genus , and a short explanation be put at the bottom of each plate , as in those annexed to this treatise . ~ 12 . To the end that beginners in botany , the illiterate , and even the country people , may be able to know the genera of the Fungi , as far as is necessary for them , the author hopes , that , before next Easter , or certainly not long after , copper-plates , engraved and coloured , will be published , representing all the genera , in such a manner , that they may be easily known . These plates , along with descriptions , will make another separate volume , which will be intituled , Isagoge in Fungorum Bavariae historiam , & c. ~ 13 . When all the Fungi of Bavaria are finished , it is proposed to go on with such foreign ones as can be procured . ~ 14 . As soon as the collection of the Fungi of Bavaria shall be completed , a new and last volume will follow , containing accurate descriptions , explications , synonyms , of authors , and whatever else may be thought necessary . This volume will be intituled , Fungorum Bavariae historia . ~ 15 . No payment is expected beforehand ; but yet such as are willing to encourage this work , are desired to send their names to Ildephonsus Kennedy , secretary to the academy at Munich , or to the author , at Ratisbon , in letters post-paid , that the expences of this work , sufficiently great of themselves , may not be increased . ~ 16 . This kind of subscription is judged necessary ; because copies in Latin and German will be printed separately , and no more of either sort , than the number of purchasers . ~ 17 . A certain number of plates will be published every month , not fewer than six , nor more than twelve . ~ 18 . For each parcel of plates , a certain price will be fixed , according to the number , each plate at the rate of ten creutzers ; so that six plates will sell for a florin of the Rhine , according to the value it shall go at , when the plates are published ; which price , though by no mean great , yet , it is to be hoped , that , after the sale of some parcels , the rest may be sold still cheaper . N. B. The florin , here mentioned , is worth about two shillings English ; and therefore , each plate will sell for about four pence . There is no room for suspicion , that this work will not be completed , as too often happens in this way of publishing by parts : for , as far as human foresight can go , every thing is so prepared and ordered , that there can be no reasonable doubt that the work will be continued , and finished . Lastly , As the intention of this work , says the author , is to facilitate the knowledge of the genera and species of Fungi , as much as possible ; that we may be better instructed by persons skilful in this affair ; by what name they judge it is called by authors not now living ; by what name it is vulgarly known in their own country ; and what use is made of it amongst their countrymen , and in what manner . For these ends , says our author , the Electoral Academy enjoined me to apply to academies , literary societies , and men of learning , either skilful in natural history , or promoters of it , in other countries , desiring , that they will be pleased to communicate any obser4 vations vations relating to these questions to the said academy ; which , as it will be highly acceptable to it , will be gratefully acknowledged , whenever occasion offers . Thus far the author , in relation to his proposals , which , as far as can be judged by the plan and specimen , seem to deserve the encouragement of the curious . Every one , who is conversant in botany , knows how obscure and imperfect this part of it still remains , after all that has been done upon the subject . Micheli and Dillenius were the first botanists that examined this order of plants , with any degree of accuracy ; and though their observations are very considerable , and have been of great service to preceding botanists , yet Linnaeus , who mentions them with applause , says , Philosophia Botanica , p. 241 . that the order of Fungi , to the reproach of botany , still remains a chaos , as we are ignorant what is a species , and what a variety . Since the afore-mentioned authors , Gleditschius , who wrote a tract on the same subject , which is commended , expresses himself also to the same purpose : for , speaking of Dillenius , in the preface , p. 5 . he says , that his genera are not only not well determined , but are even constructed in such a manner , as to contradict the natural characters ; and as to Micheli , that though he first determined the seeds of the Fungi , yet his genera are too artificial ; and therefore , he himself follows the method of Linnaeus . Gleditschius seems to have taken great pains about this subject ; but candidly owns , that , after all he had been able to do , in order to distinguish species from varieties , by collecting all the Fungi he could find , disposing and describing them according to the degree of similitude , yet he found himself often at a loss , and unable absolutely to determine which side to take . The book of Gleditschius was published in the year 1753 , and is , I believe , the latest writer who has done much on this subject , except , perhaps , Scopoli , in his Flora Carneolica , published anno 1760 , who differs from all the preceding botanists , in relation to species and varieties ; and though his work has great merit , both in relation to this and other orders of plants , especially the Cryptogamiae , yet there still remains much to be done , as , I believe , every skilful reader will easily allow . From all that has been observed , I would draw a few conclusions in favour of the proposals in question . First , then , The uncertainty of authors on this branch of botany , shews , that it requires a still farther examination , than has hitherto been made . 2dly , That though , in general , since the writings of Linnaeus , figures have been , in a great measure , laid aside , yet in this , and some other obscure parts of botany , they may be employed to good purpose . 3dly , That the curious in botany ought to look on themselves as particularly obliged to those , who are inclined to labour and make researches in the obscure , and , according to the vulgar opinion , contemptible parts of nature , especially this order of plants , some of which are used for the table , and not a few of them are of a poisonous nature , so that a mistake may , and has , perhaps , sometimes proved of fatal consequence . 
